you're the type of guy that can't control your girl you try to buy her love with diamonds and pearls i'm the type of guy that shows up on the scene and gets the seven digits, you know the routine you're the type of guy that tells her, "stay inside" while you're steady frontin in your homeboy's ride i'm the type of guy that comes when you leave i'm doin your girlfriend, that's somethin you can't believe cause... i'm that type of guy (x4) you're the type of guy that gets suspicious i'm the type of guy that says, "the puddin is delicious" you're the type of guy that has no idea that a sneaky, freaky brother's sneakin' in from the rear i'm the type of guy to eat it, when he won't and look in the places that your boyfriend don't you're the type of guy to try to call me a punk not knowin that your main girl's bitin' my chunk i'm the type of guy that loves a dedicated lady their boyfriends are boring, and i can drive em crazy you're the type of guy to give her money to shop she gave me a sweater thank you, sweetheart i'm the type of guy that picks her up from work early takes her to breakfast, lunch, dinner, and breakfast you're the type of guy eatin a tv dinner talkin 'bout... "goddamn it, i'mma kill her" i'm the type of guy to make her say, "why you illin', b?" ...you're the type of guy to say, "my lower back is killin' me" ...catch my drift? you're the type of guy that likes to drink olde english i'm the type of guy to cold put on a pamper you're the type of guy to say, "what you talkin bout?" i'm the type of guy to leave my drawers in your hamper you know what i mean? check it out... t-y-p-e g-u-y i'm that type of guy to give you a pound and wink my eye like a bandit, caught me redhanded, took her for granted but when i screwed her, you couldn't understand it cause you're the type of guy that don't know the time swearin up and down, "that girl's all mine" i'm the type of guy to let you keep believin it go 'head to work, while i defrost it, and season it i'm that type of guy i'm that type of guy — know what i mean i'm that type of guy "so ridiculous!" so funny i don't know come on now yeah like real cool, you know what i mean? i like just going to your front door ringin the bell and just like ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!!!