brother what is with you, you can't take a hint? i need to shove a splint between your eyes for you to see you and me were never meant to be your homeboy likes me, i like him too, get out the picture i get your point but i'm not rolling with the punch i scrunched up the letter you wrote me in lunch in 5th period i pay no notice to your motion my work is on the table, my pen's in locomotion every time i turn around, you're looking at my face i try to ignore you, the bell rings, i race out the room zoom to another room, sit down, what do you know? the lover's in town the other brother (who?) the one i want to talk to sitting three seats back, and i'mma walk over to him and give him the letter i wrote because my feelings towards him are brewing, ya know? monie in the middle (where she at?) in the middle yep, monie's in the middle (where that at?) in the middle monie in the middle (where she at?) in the middle (go mon, mon, what is she?) monie in the middle (repeat 2x) in 7th the knucklehead walks in and sits down beside me i said "yo, why you trying to ride me?" day in and day out i can't seem to get you off my back what do you think i should do about that? in fact it's embarrassing, what a buffoon you even follow me in the ladies bathroom give me a break, i can't take it, the stakes are too high besides, there goes the other brother i'm not keith sweat, so don't sweat me the other brother's smooth approach is what gets me he intrigues the mon you know so i suggest the course towards me you blow you're wasting time pursuing monie cause she's pursuing the lover only and as my mother did she told me go for what you know, mo, yo monie in the middle (where she at?) in the middle yep, monie's in the middle (where that at?) in the middle monie in the middle (where she at?) in the middle (go mon, mon, what is she?) monie in the middle (repeat 2x) bringing matters to a close and everybody knows that i'm no longer in the middle i made my decision, precisely, precision is a must for me to solve another riddle step into a brand new rhythm,-ism schisms nope, i'm not with 'em, i've given my undivided attention, you know what i'm saying? no type of games i'm playing when monie in the middle (where she at?) in the middle yep, monie's in the middle (where that at?) in the middle monie in the middle (where she at?) in the middle (go mon, mon, what is she?) monie in the middle (repeat 4x)