yo dre let's kick it on the one, black, and we don't stop making records that people are cold checking and respecting and it rocks, the sales won't stop, those of the doctor... and i'm the diggy diggy d.o.c. y'all, pumping it yes y'all d.o.c. on the set we're kicking fresh y'all letting the bass g-o and full with soul so i can wait leaving the rest to dj dr. dre it's the diggy diggy d.o.c. y'all when i hear a bass drum, i gotta get dumb, but some think it's a fable and label me not able to come correct, so i cold jet back to my room and invent something to compliment the boom of a kick, cause i want it all like in monopoly the great make not a mistake, make sure it's properly done strictly for public satisfaction so you're in awe when i'm in action cause all we do, from me to you, is a song strong, bump intention tumping system is born i deliver, somthing to shiver you peak level and if you want it deep, yo dre go get a shovel and you're bumping, your speakers rattle this is all over the world, but without a saddle light the twice, i hype the mic, make it dumb and dre is the engineer, but i'm the drum it's the diggy diggy d.o.c. y'all i want you to turn up the radio, listen to the lyrics and i let the bass go so you can hear it bumping, your speakers are thumping, dig it, yeah you like it you know the album? get it and i'll keep producing and inducing a rhythm with a style that makes you get loose and sweat, cause i'm as good as you've gotten yet some said they can handle, you wanna bet? and i don't understand the misconseption think that if you make it, you go in one direction when you're in flight, yo, you gotta fly high so you were born, so you die it's all evolution, here's the rule evolve, my meaning, enroll in a new school adn learn the tricks that makes the mix dumb then be certain to keep suckers hurting when it comes to a drum it's the diggy diggy d.o.c. y'all yo! and now your eardrums are cold full of the big beat but you're attatched, like ankles are to feet so you listen, and as it play you pump it louder but to your speakers you're sparking some gunpowder check it for a second, listen and behold the great as i open your mind like a folder down with the science, i'm rocking like a musical so when you're listening, you're seeing me and dre cold sweating cause you know we're like striving for number 1, not number 4 and number 5 and nothing can mean more than to make it last a lifetime in the middle of his mix and my rhyme never been in need now that dre is on the cut you may think i speak of music but i dream of coming up rolling to the homies in the city getting dumb the sound of the d-o to the c and the drum yo, it's the diggy diggy d.o.c. y'all dre, drop it, it's the diggy diggy d.o.c. y'all is that a yes y'all? (repeat 4x) fresh, for those that know, peace