back in the days on the boulevard of linden we used to kick routines and presence was fittin it was i, the abstract and me the five footer i kicks the mad style so step off the frankfurter yo, phife, you remember that routine that we used to make spiffy like mr. clean? um um, a tidbit, um, a smidgen i don't get the message so you gots to run the pigeon you on point phife? all the time, tip you on point phife? all the time, tip you on point phife? all the time, tip well, then grab the microphone and let your words rip now here's a funky introduction of how nice i am tell your mother, tell your father, send a telegram i'm like an energizer cause, you see, i last long my crew is never ever wack because we stand strong now if you say my style is wack that's where you're dead wrong i slayed that body in el segundo then push it along you'd be a fool to reply that phife is not the man cause you know and i know that you know who i am a special shot of peace goes out to all my pals, you see and a middle finger goes for all you punk mc's cause i love it when you wack mc's despise me they get vexed, i roll next, can't none contest me i'm just a fly mc who's five foot three and very brave on job remaining, no home training cause i misbehave i come correct in full effect have all my hoes in check and before i get the butt the jim must be erect you see, my aura's positive i don't promote no junk see, i'm far from a bully and i ain't a punk extremity in rhythm, yeah that's what you heard so just clean out your ears and just check the word check the rhyme y'all, check the rhyme y'all check the rhyme y'all, check the rhyme y'all check the rhyme y'all, check the rhyme y'all check it out, check it out check the rhyme y'all, check the rhyme y'all check the rhyme y'all play tapes y'all check the rhyme y'all, check the rhyme y'all check it out, check it out back in days on the boulevard of linden we used to kick routines and the presence was fittin it was i the phifer and me the abstract the rhymes were so rumpin' that the brothers rode the 'zack yo tip you recall when we used to rock those fly routines on your cousin's block um, let me see, damn i can't remember i receive the message and you will play the sender you on point tip? all the time phife you on point tip? yeah, all the time phife you on point tip? yo, all the time phife so play the resurrector and give the dead some life okay, if knowledge is the key then just show me the lock got the scrawny legs but i move just like lou brock with speed. i'm agile plus i'm worth your while one hundred percent intelligent black child my optic presentation sizzles the retina how far must i go to gain respect? um well, it's kind of simple, just remain your own or you'll be crazy sad and alone industry rule number four thousand and eighty record company people are shady so kids watch your back cause i think they smoke crack i don't doubt it. look at how they act off to better things like a hip-hop forum pass me the rock and i'll score 'em with decorum proper. what you say hammer? proper rap is not pop, if you call it that then stop nc, y'all check the rhyme y'all sc, y'all check it out y'all virginia, check the rhyme y'all check it out. out in london, check the rhyme, y'all