yo jinx, man, we gotta find somebody that's down for hers, man all these girls sympin', man! who you think fit the category? it's me, the brand new intelligent black woman y-o-y-o which is yo-yo, but i'm not to be played like i was made by mattel but this yo-yo is made by woman and male i rhyme about uprising, uplifting the woman for are superior to handle by any male any time, any rhyme, any flow, and any show and if you ask my producers, they'll reply “no…” “you can't play with my yo-yo!” (don't try to play me out, don't try to play me out) my name is yo-yo, i'm not a ho, no i like to flow so swift, it's got to be a gift so yo, let the beat lift as i rip and rhyme and rap and slap all the girls who can't adapt to the fact i hit the 8-ball often the earrings i wear are called dolphins check the booty, yo, it's kind of soft and if you touch it, you living in a coffin (word to mother) i'm in the 90's, you're still in the 80's, right? i rock the mic, they say i'm not lady-like! but i'm a lady, who will pull a stunt though i k-o suckas, and even hit the blunt so what you wanna do? you must play hit and run (ay yo) cause to me, you simply can't get none you wetter, then a hot whore in snow tell 'em, ice cube! (ice cube) no, you can't play with my yo-yo, suckas you can't play with my yo-yo (whats your name baby?) that's right, my name is yo-yo, but no, i'm not a duncan as i rap, chilly chill bring in the funk and i'll steal yo man, that's if he is a hunk and he'll call me baby yo, or even pumpkin i may be buttercup, or even miss yo we had dinner, and now we drinking cisco hit the slow jams, it's getting cozy you're home alone, so now you getting nosy you're kind of young so of course you had to call my place hang up in my face it's a sad case of who your man's giving the dollars what? yep, i put lipstick on his collar at home, he's gotta listen to ya holler but he'll slap you, and sock ya, so why bother?! but if you come knocking at my door (ay yo) i'll smoke you, tell 'em, ice! (ice cube) you can't play wit my yo-yo, sucka you can't play wit my yo-yo, yo, yo fool, 1990, stayin' sucka free, haha! you can't play wit my yo-yo! yeah, tell em whats up yo, i hope you realize one day that you're weak as monday through sunday so listen to my y-o, here's my bio and next to me? ha! you're not fly, yo?! you lack skills to be a woman that's black fake hair in the back, plus green contacts?! yo-yo, is just trying to stop ya because the world ain't a big soap opera it only takes one punch to drop ya and then the i.b.w.c. will come mob ya but no, i'm not living like that verse although i pack a real small gat in my purse (right, right) but no, its not to cause corruptions just to fight back on destruction just thought you wanna know about the y-o-y-o yo, should i tell 'em, ice? (ice cube) they know what time it is fools, yeah! you can't play with my yo-yo, yo yo i'm out. i thought you knew! yo-yo, the brand new intelligent black lady stompin' to the 90s! for all y'all suckas aye jinx, i knew they couldn't fade it you can't play wit my yo-yo i'm similar to a metaphor, makes them want to yell on but keep it at a limit to where they're yelling, "more, more!" i am very versatile, changing my ways to different styles knowledge is the key, experience is from my background label me as a woman, and sometimes i feel inferior falling back on the hands of time makes no man superior should we dare to take the stand and diss back all the men who know no more but and thinks wit his ding-a-ling? i think it's time that we defeat by standing on our on two feet if we wanna live with justice and harmony how many more rounds must i go in order to let my people know times were hard, things have changed (don't try to play me out)