"come on y'all, let's go to work!" -] flavor flav 6 foot 3, 260 and change ?? ?? a little comedic and strange because we can have many friends, at least people that they call that they use your brain but they're insane because i ignore that no ego, cause i will be no, platinum big-headed rapper that don't realize there's two directions on the ladder you wanna go 'head, walk straight, walk good don't blame your sales on retails, thinkin that the store should think of reordering about five-hundred thousand just be glad of the success you had and you're arousin somebody's brain out there, your year's gonna come you didn't live by the pipe or the gun to be like me waitin for my turn to burn and get a million-five, and a tax return that be reapin up, and no keeping up with the jonses long live p.e. and ban guns'n'roses new kids on the block, stick to pop no more making black songs, wack songs please stop! if show business is a woman, i don't trust her but she's gonna get knocked by the chubbster "come on y'all, let's go to work!" -] flavor flav the chubbster, a man that came out about 1986 with the help of dr. ice in the mix and even then, kickin lyrics that was quite potent howie by my side, with his pesticide for the rodents i'd flow - get on the mic and say, "yo one two" test and mc's start fessin jettin cause my weapon among the children was my gung-ho attitude to use my tongue and lash and lick them up then pick them up then just fix them up then mix them up with a knowledgeable man that went to college and astonished racist teachers with all the modern preachers crack beepers, yes knowledgeable preachers but that didn't effect, the chubbster i'm from brooklyn, so i have a little hustler in my blood, when i kick the scam, they all will flock to it get my music and bop to it gassed my head but i was goin for my doctorate or my ph.d in p-a-i-d, see i got into the business to get paid not sprayed with bs which is an acronym for a much larger word and if preferred, i'll say it but then again; radio won't play it cause they're cracking down on hip-hop but it will not slow down or stop every year it creates a sellout tour and this year has room for the chubbster ".. go to work!" -] flavor flav ".. go to work!" -] flavor flav ".. go to work!" -] flavor flav "come on y'all, let's go to work!" -] flavor flav conceited i'm not, but convinced i am slam a jam that'll scare even the son of sam in sing-sing he will sing simple songs to bring tears to your eyes, because you deny he's a king such as myself, cause myself is on his shelf as for myself, i went for self cause myself needs financial health and wealth like ki's for g's cause cocaine ki's is for those who have morphine needs veins all ripped up, capillaries all stitched up a grand a day, hey you slipped up the chubbster doesn't believe in the drug scene able to make me feel hip? i'd rather wear gabberdine's my quarter fill will be my thrill my clyde's will collide with my grill, as for drugs that's nil not or no, cause yo! mtv will never see me smokin rocks and ban me from the box with disney cause drugs can't assist me or assist you blood on your tissue that's ill so chill and when you come back you better come back even harder praise to the man upstairs, yes the father positive tip, now dance on the floor and have room for the chubbster "come on y'all, let's go to work!" -] flavor flav in ninety-one you will find me just chillin countin shillings livin it up is a must a benz is not needed to portray my wealth a jaguar is not a symbol for a star but nelson mandela, is a fellow i consider to be true blue long live the anc, walter sisulu the rest of the people involved, the problem isn't solved yet but you can bet.. that united we stand, divided it's over without us, this planet will begin to nova and get cold, dark and scary like pluto and then who do you call? you know, the chubbster