i met him in a club hangin out one night he said, "hello i'm george.. hi lyte! how's everything goin, huh, how ya doin? hope everything's fine, ooh, and umm can i call you sometime? can i get the digits? and the address, so i can come visit?" i gave him the digits, that wasn't a problem cause if he caused any, i would have to solve them cause george looked good, mmm damn good! and if i didn't, some other girl would in my mind, i hope for the best convincing myself that this was not a test cause i heard many things about georgie nothing kinky, like no orgies i heard he knows how to make love like an angel from the heaven above who was i kidding i'd give him a try cause lyte needs love too and that ain't no lie keep your ears open, hope that you listenin cause i'm about to take you on a george porgie mission "can it be i've stayed away too long" (2x) i gave him the number, i saw it in his eyes "she gave me the number? hmmm i'm surprised" good conversation, over the phone he began to come for me whenever i was alone george was sweet, so nice and so neat with any other guy he didn't have to compete george was mature, he made sure that he was the only one i'd ever adore girls, have you, ever had a friend that you'd get with, every now and then? i know for a fact george had a lot of girls spread out from state from state around the world as long as he was smart and kept his girls in check made sure i never saw them and showed me respect he didn't have to be loyal, like men should be i don't care about the other girls, just be good to me! but if i ever saw one, that would be the end he couldn't kick the storyline that she was just a friend the girls i didn't care, fine legs don't lie see cause georgie was into making your girls cry "kissed the girls and made them cry" (4x) "kissed the girls and made them cry" "can it be i've stayed away too long" "kissed the girls and made them cry" "kissed the girls and made them cry" "can it be i've stayed away too long" "kissed the girls and..." george was clean, no drugs and such but once in a while, he'd drink too much hangin in a club where they play rockers him and his friend, drinkin vodka i was lookin for him, and i found him there with his clothes messed up and his (fucked) up hair i told him he was messin up he wouldn't go far he got mad and asked his friend for the keys to the car i said, "don't drive, use your head drive while you're drunk and you'll kill yourself dead" we begin to argue, bad words were said then he got kicked out by some longhaired dread ran into the car as if, in a hurry he started the car but his vision was blurry he didn't care, he drove off into the night riding for miles, without his headlights georgie porgie had too much on his mind he was still young yet running out of time last week he took tests as the doctor told him george had cancer in his lungs and his colon see when he was young, he started smokin paid no attention when he started chokin thoughts flashed through his head, there they stuck till georgie porgie, crashed into a truck i wished i woulda told him how i liked him so much how he made me feel with the slightest touch now he's gone and i can't tell him nothin wish he was here so i could say somethin the story is not to say that i'm in sorrow just to say no one is promise tomorrow if you love someone you should say it often you never know when they'll be layin in a coffin wake up, it's important that you know that no one on earth is promised tomorrow.. believe that! and don't think that it can't happen to you "kissed the girls and made them cry" (2x) "can it be i've stayed away too long" (4x) "kissed the girls and made them cry" (2x)