here they come yo, here they come (repeats) this or that? (repeats over) who's the black sheep, what's the black sheep? know not who i am, or when i'm coming, so you sleep wasn't in my realm, or wasn't in your sphere knew not who i was, but listen here dres, d-r-e-s, yes i guess i can start if it's all right with you, i'll rip this here joint apart back, middle, to the front, don't front wanna a good time, gonna give you what you want can i hear a hey? (hey) can i get a yo? (yo) you got a 'hat? (huh) it's for the hoes (oh) the styling is creative, black sheep of the native can't be violated, or even decepticated i got brothers in the jungle, cousins on the quest dead departed uncles, in pea porridge, may they rest guess, which way, what, when, how mista lawnge, dres, black sheep slam... now know you've heard the others, phonies to the lovers then of course, the choice is yours you can get with this, or you can get with that you can get with this, or you can get with that you can get with this, or you can get with that i think you'll get with this, for this is where it's at you can get with this, or you can get with that you can get with this, or you can get with that you can get with this, or you can get with that i think you'll get with this, for this is kinda phat where's the black sheep, here's the black sheep even if we wanted to, the flock could not be weak watch me swing like this, why should i swing it like that because in fact, on me it might not attract therefore i ignore, do as i feel inside i live with me, i've got my back tonight ya know what i'm saying yo black, i'm not playing need to go with this, or go with this with no delay and see, in actuality, one be can it be i made it look easy, because it is to me any time capacity was filled, tried to rock it any time a honey gave us play, tried to knock it never was a fool, so we finished school never see us sweat, and you'll never see us drool out to rock the globe while it's still here to rock don't punch girls, and we don't punch a clock gotta go, gotta go, see you later by the cat and you can't beat that with a bat engine, engine, number nine on the new york transit line if my train goes off the track pick it up! pick it up! pick it up! back on the scene, crispy n' clean you can try, but then why, cause you can't intervene we be the outcast, down for the settle won't play the rock, won't play the pebble open the door, you best believe, we're sliding through it ... sssswiftly niftily, we can make it hip to be what we are cause what we be, be the epitome, doo, dah, dipitty so now i dwell just to say you're plainer hold your cup, cause i got the container pass a plater, cross the fader black sheep get play like the sony innovator never the traitor, party inflater and you can get a scoop ... later