yeah.. all i wanna do is zoom-a-zoom-zoom-zoom and a poom-poom - just shake ya rump all i wanna do is zoom-a-zoom-zoom-zoom and a poom-poom - just shake ya rump (rump shaker) check baby check baby one two three four check baby check baby one two three check baby check baby one two check baby check baby one it's called the rump shaker, the beats is like sweeter than candy i'm feelin manly and your shaker's comin in handy slide em across(??) from new york down by your virginia ticklin you around delware before i enter turn to seduction from face hips to feet a wiggle and a jiggle can make the night complete now since you got the body of the year, come and get the award here's a hint - it's like a long sharp sword flip tail, so let me see you shake it up like dice the way you shake your rump is turnin mighty men to mice but a plus got a surprise that's a back breaker now let me see you shake your rump like a rump shaker all i wanna do is zoom-a-zoom-zoom-zoom and a poom-poom - just shake ya rump (rump shaker) check baby check baby one two three four check baby check baby one two three check baby check baby one two check baby check baby one yup yup it's teddy, ready with the one-two checker wreckx-n-effect is in effects but i'm the wrecker of the track 'bout the honey shakin rumps and they backs in booties of the cuties steady shakin but relaxin the action, is packed in a jam like a closet beats bound to get you up, cold flowin like a faucet not mean to make you sit, not mean to make you jump but yep make the hotties in the party shake your rump i like the way you comb your hair (uh!) i like the stylish clothes you wear (uh!) it's just the little things you do (uh!) that makes me wanna get with you (uh!) all i wanna do is zoom-a-zoom-zoom-zoom and a poom-poom - just shake ya rump (rump shaker) shake it, shake it, shake it now shake it she can spend every birthday butt naked body is soft, makin me wanna squish her more just than a game, a rumper like a sub-woofer shake it to the left (shake it) shake it to the right i don't mind stickin it to her every single night come on, pass the poom poom, send it to poppa shake it baby shake it baby shake it don't stoppa let me see you do the booty hop (hop) and now make the booty stop now drop and do the booty wop (ooooooh) the way you shakin your reals, will appeal is makin, of a whole lot of bills but i ain't into trickin, just to treatin and i ain't into treatin every trick that i'm meetin (nah nah nah na nah nah nah) yeah, shake it baby, shake it now shake it like that all i wanna do is zoom-a-zoom-zoom-zoom and a poom-poom - just shake ya rump (rump shaker) check baby check baby one two three four check baby check baby one two three check baby check baby one two check baby check baby one, one check baby check baby one two three four check baby check baby one two three check baby check baby one two check baby check baby one, one all i wanna do is zoom-a-zoom-zoom-zoom and a poom-poom - just shake ya rump (rump shaker) check baby check baby one two three four check baby check baby one two three check baby check baby one two check baby check baby one, one check baby check baby one two three four check baby check baby one two three check baby check baby one two check baby check baby one, one all i wanna do is zoom-a-zoom-zoom-zoom and a poom-poom - just shake ya rump (rump shaker) all i wanna do is zoom-a-zoom all i wanna do is zoom-a-zoom - just shake ya rump all i wanna do is zoom-a-zoom-zoom-zoom and a poom-poom - just shake ya rump (rump shaker) break it down.. uhh, yeah.. - just shake ya rump w-n-e uhh, yeah.. is in effect uhh, yeah.. peace peace.. and we out.. {*dj scratches "come on" while a woman moans*}