and it goes like this... skip to my lou (yes!) i got a funky hop scotch game going on (getting strong!) i think you better follow this and come along heavens to merkatroid, we've come with another new song (sing-a-long!) ha (tic!) tica-tica-toc (who's that?) coming around the block (leaders of the new!) yes, with the shit that is sure to hit the spot oooh hot yes, come in my dragon's lair, that's when i turn slayer uno better say you're prayer (open your eyes!) rise, yes i come to (sterilize) mr. parasite, i got your big suprise mad effective as you vision my perspective, hot shot look at what you got, a super ache infected speed knot yo, it seems stunning every time i see the fraud coming hundred miles and running, time to back the tools and start gunning let me tell you something, you ain't saying nothing with your fussing now you got my cussing, bake you like a muffin full of stuffing for the world to see ya leaders of the new is in the place to be for '93, g (what's next?) we come fresh no dutty boy can test (what's next?) you know we wicked and we full up of finesse (what's next?) cause when we deh a dance, we have fi impress (what's next?) for my brother b. boogie brown to come down brooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooown you know i love they way it's going down (going down!) you know i love they way it's going down (going down!) i'm the one knight supreme (being all seeing) soul with the role (no i'm not european) operator, operator, put me on hold stories untold, watch the dollars unfold watch women approach me with the inviations previous engagement, speculation i hate when my girl says "give me some space" on the telephone, and never to your face i paid my dues, so lick the balls! in the summer, in the winter, in the spring, and in the fall i'm romping and ripping, the needle ain't skipping gymnasiums and stadiums the crowd be flipping the new to the next, and of course the nextus the greatest, the grandest, of course you expect this in cash, boom bash, slash, grammatical continual residual, flow is radical all that, and a bag of chips ahoy tell your homeboys to bring the noise sunrise to sunset, yes you will remember born on the 19th day of september peace to mom-du, that's c dot b dot not for cock block, so stop and don't jock so take is faker snakr, phonograph no paper just a philly for the ride, slide, peace see you later! what's next? (i know you love the way it's going down!) (repeat 4x) ex the excess, your best bet check it (move it along) cause i really can't tec it your cement mentality will end up in casualties i got the right one, baby, and no you can't follow me got pieces of a dream i need to put together i ain't checking for nobody who's tougher than leather whether i'm in or out of state, it doesn't make a difference why the constant complaining about my real appearance? saying "milo do you love me?" you're always asking what are you looking for action or romancing? now who the hell you think you're gassing? (what's crazy?) don't treat me like a care bear that's always smiling i like drinking booze and sometimes wilding don't act new baby (huh!) or haven't ya heard? keep 110 mph inna me dusinburg keep the main on taining at an even rate one newport breath taker in the morning and you know i'm straight (what's next?) voodoo hex, 666 years of sorrow broken by the strength of the 7 just do the knowledge and don't ask no questions (i know you love the way it's going down!) i hit up a green light crossing and i am passing on the road to riches, 4 by 4 riding over ditches next with the misses, hugs and kisses, the switch you missed cause mental fixes, erasional addiction so complex, flex! (time to have sex!) now ask yourself what's next you love the way it's going down! (repeat 2x) the sun will come out, but don't doubt the d (tomorrow!) let me see dinco you can come out and play now if you want to, but only if you want me to or do strange dimentions of the pensions pile dispensers of bad fencers sensors while (busting loose) tkes over your mentioning how it came to be in '93 with what you see now in the corners where you go sporting cones only a lonely homely jones make clones tone dial phone girls grown close to testes jingling chrome press sewn leaders aren't lefties or jet skis or what you call your animal when your pet pees? (woof!) fucking dog, what's next, g? i know you love the way, i know you love the way i know you love the way it's going down! (what's next?) i know you love the way, i know you love the way i know you love the way it's going dooooooooooowwwwwwwn!