now dis one dedicated to de man dem call macgyver (bo!) and all double-oh-seven james bond spy man is from de area (gunshot, gunshot) maximum respect to de man dem call ice cube (bo! bo!) him nah bust no deuce-deuce, no trey-eight, but four-four (get wicked!) one, two, three and i come with the wicked..style and you know that i'm from, the wicked..crew act like you knew cause i got everybody jumpin to the voodoo, kick it wicked, rhymes, picket, signs while me and the mob gotta trunk fulla nine play ya and i'll slay ya i got the mayor by the hair ready to buck buck buck and it's a must to duck duck duck before i bust lookin for the one that did it but like en vogue, no you're never gonna get it cos i'm the one with the fat mad skills and i won't choke like the buffalo bills sittin at the pad just chillin cause larry parker just got two million, oh what a feelin so shake that nigga and pass me the pill and i'll slam dunk ya like shaquille o'neal like it, dig it, maybe and watch that test tube baby, kick it cause i get wicked you know dem wicked, ice cube and torture chamber sound yes dem wicked, him pick up de mic and buss up de ground yes dem wicked, all of dem gyal with de sound my name is don jagwarr and ice cube we run de town (wicked!) ("look at the way i kick it, i'm wicked" - das efx) bo! wicked! bo! wicked man! (bo!) ("look at the way i kick it, i'm wicked" - das efx) bo! wicked! bo! wicked man! (bo!) won't say nuttin, just listen got me a plan to break tyson outta prison come my way and get served still got a deuce that'll bunny hop the curb nappy head, nappy chest, nappy chin, never seen with a happy grin show the fat frown cause i'm down, take a look around and all you see is big black boots steppin use my steel toe as a weapon kick ya and flip ya, now they want to label this nigga, tape with the sticker diggin' out girls that's nicety plus i gotta body count like ice-t. from here to new york, i hit skins and ain't talkin bout pork swine, pig, dick, listen to the flow of a so-called neg- -ro, who didn't know i was funky as wilson pickett dig it cause i get wicked people wanna know how come i gotta gat and i'm lookin out the window like malcolm ready to bring that noise, kinda trigger happy like the geto boys april 29th was power to the people and we might just see a sequel cause police got equal pay, a chazzer is a pig that don't fly straight doin darryl gates but is willie williams, down with the pilgrims just a super slave, we'll have to break his ass up like super dave i'm wicked enough to board this cause now it's on to the fullest gorilla straight from the mist but i don't miss when it comes to this bring the yellow tape, the white cape, cause i'm so straight thru with the picket signs, take this job and stick it, bigot, cause i get wicked yes dem wicked, dem wicked, jus pick up de mic yes dem wicked, dem wicked, jus put down de gun yes dem wicked, dem wicked, cuz we run de town dem wicked, dem wicked, cuz we run de town yes dem wicked, gwaan! back wha, seen, den de one dem call ice cube international superstar don gorgon style (bo!) way back in brooklyn, inside of los angeles, south central style torture chambers, (bo!) dem run the country (maximum respect!) and my name is don jagwarr, we are the top celebrity seen because we wicked, we wicked, we pick up de mics yes we wicked, we wicked, we put down de guns yes dem wicked, dem wicked, but we run de town (wicked man!)