capital, volume one karl marx capital (das kapital) was marx's magnum opus, volume one, published in 1867, is the book generally referred to simply as capital and is relatively complete in itself. the following selections from it, together with marx's preface to the first german edition, afterword to the second, and preface to the french edition, are taken from the text of the english edition of 1 887, as translated from the third german edition by samuel moore and edward aveling and edited by engels. an attempt has been made here to provide those sections of the book that collectively convey the basic argument and the most characteristic themes. in some instances marx's footnotes have been deleted in the interest of saving space. preface to the first german edition the work, the first volume of which i now submit to the public, forms the continuation of my "zur kritik der politischen oekonomie" (a contribution to the critique of political economy) published in 1859. the long pa use between the first part and the continuation is due to an illness of many years' duration that again and again interrupted my work. the substance of that earlier work is summarized in the first three chapters of this volume. this is done not merely for the sake of connation and completeness. the presentation of the subject-matter is improved. as far as circumstances any way permit, many points only hinted at in the earlier book are here worked out more fully, whilst, conversely, points worked out fully there are only touched upon in this volume. the sections on the history of the theories of value and o f money are now, of course, left out altogether. the reader of the earlier work will find, however, in the notes to the first chapter additional sources of reference relative to the history of those theories. that beginning is difficult holds in all sciences. to understand the first chapter, especially the section that contains the analysis of commodities, will, therefore, present the greatest difficulty. that which concerns more especially the analysis of the substance of value and the magnitude of value, i have, as much as it was possible, popularized. the value-form, whose fully developed shape is the money-form, is very elementary and simple. nevertheless, the human mind has for more than 2,000 years sought in vain to get to the bottom of it, whilst on the other hand, to the successful analysis of much more composite and complex forms, there has been at least an approximation. why? because the body as an organic whole is easy of study than are the cells of that body, in the analysis of economic forms, moreover, neither microscopes nor chemical reagents are of use. the force of abstraction must replace both. but in bourgeois society the commodity-form of the product of labouror the value-form of the commodity-is the economic cell-form. to the superficial observer, the analysis of these forms seems to turn upon minute. it does in fact deal with minute, but they are of the same order as those dealt with in microscopic anatomy. with the exception of the section on value-form, therefore, this volume cannot stand accused on the score of difficulty. i presuppose, of course, a reader who is willing to learn something new and therefore to think for himself. the physicist either observes physical phenomena where they occur in their most typical form and most free from disturbing influence, or, wherever possible, he makes experiments under conditions that assure the occurrence of the phenomenon in its normality. in this work i have to examine the capitalist mode of production, and the conditions of production and exchange corresponding to that mode. up to the present time, their classic ground is england. that is the reason why england is used as the chief illustration in the development of my theoretical ideas. if, however, the german reader shrugs his shoulders at the condition of the english industrial and agricultural labourers, or in optimist fashion, comforts himself with the thought that in germany things are not nearly so bad, i must plainly tell him,"de te fabula narratur!" intrinsically, it is not a question of the higher o r lower degree of development of the social antagonisms that result from the natural law of capitalist production. it is a question of these laws themselves, of the tendencies working with iron necessity towards inevitable results. the country that is more developed industrially only shows, to the less developed the image of its own future. but apart from this, where capitalist production is fully naturalized among the germans (for instance, in the factories proper) the condition of things is much worse than in england, because the counterpoise of the factory acts is wanting. in all other spheres, we, like all the rest of continental western europe, suffer not only from the development of capitalist production, but also from the incompleteness of that development. alongside of modern evils, a whole series of inherited evils oppress us, arising from the passive survival of antiquated modes of production, with their inevitable train of social and political anachronisms. we suffer not only from the living, but from the dead. le mort saisit le vif! the social statistics of germany and the rest of continental western europe are, in comparison with those of england, wretchedly compiled. but they raise the veil just enough to let us catch a glimpse of the medusa head behind it. we should be appalled at the state of things at home, if, as in england, our governments and parliaments appointed periodically commissions of inquiry into economic conditions; if these commissions were armed with the same plenary powers to get at the truth; if it was possible to find for this purpose men as competent, as free from partisanship and respect of persons as are the english factory inspectors her medical reporters on public health, her commissioners of inquiry into the exploitation o f women and children, in to housing and food .pursues wore a magic cap that the monsters he hunted down might not see him. we draw the magic cap down over eyes and ears as make-believe that there are no monsters. let us not deceive ourselves on this, as in the 18th century, the american war of independence sounded the tocsin for the european middle-class, so in the 19th century, the american civil war sounded it for the european working-class. in england the progress of social disintegration is palpable. when it has reached a certain point, it must re-act on the continent. there it will take a form more brutal or more humane, according to the degree of development of the working-class itself. apart from higher motives, therefore, their own most important interests dictate to the classes that are for the nonce the ruling ones, the removal of all legally removable hindrances to the free development of the working-class. for this reason, as well as others, i have given so large a space in this volume to the history, the details, and the results of english factory legislation. one nation can and should learn from others. and even when a society has got upon the right track for the discovery of the natural laws of its movement-and it is the ultimate aim of this work, to lay bare the economic law of motion of modern society-it can neither clear by bold leaps, nor remove by legal enactments, the obstacles offered by the successive phases of its normal development. but it can shorten and lessen the birth-pangs. to prevent possible misunderstanding a word, i paint the capitalist and the landlord in no sense couleur de rose. but here individuals are dealt with only in so far as they are the personifications of economic categories, embodiments of particular class-relations and class-interests. my standpoint, from which the evolution of the economic formation of society is viewed as a process of natural history, can less than any other make the individual responsible for relations whose creature he socially remains, however much he may subjectively raise himself above them. in the domain of political economy, free scientific inquiry meets not merely the same enemies as in all other domains. the peculiar nature of the material it deals with, summons as foes into the field of battle the most violent, mean and malignant passions of the human breast, the furies of private interest. the english established church, e.g., will more readily pardon an attack on 38 of its 39 articles than o n 1/39 of its income. now-a-days atheism itself is culpa levis, as compared with criticism of existing property relations. nevertheless, there is an unmistakable advance. i refer, e.g., to the blue book published within the last few weeks: "correspondence with her majesty's missions abroad, regarding industrial questions and trades' unions." the representatives of the english crown in foreign countries there declare in so many words that in germany, in france, to be brief, in all the civilized states of the european continent, a radical change in the existing relations between capital and labour is as evident and inevitable as in england. at the same time, on the other side of the atlantic ocean, mr. wade, vice-president of the united states, declared in public meetings that, after the abolition of salvery, a radical change of the relations of capital and of property in land is next upon the order of the day. these are signs of the times, not to be hidden by purple mantles or black cassocks. they do not signify that tomorrow a miracle will happen. they show that, within the ruling-classes themselves, a foreboding is dawning, that the present society is no solid crystal, but an organism capable of change, and is constantly changing. the second volume of this work will treat of the process of the circulation of capital (book ii.), and of the varied forms assumed by capital in the course of its development (book iii.), the third and last volume (book iv.), the history of the theory. every opinion based on scientific criticism i welcome. as to the prejudices of so-called public opinion, to which i have never made concessions, now as aforetime the maxim of the great florentine is mine: "segui il tuo corso, e lascia dir le genti." london, july 25, 1867 karl marx preface to the french edition to the citizen maurice lacmtre dear citizen, i applaud your idea of publishing the translation of "das kapital" as a serial. in this form the book will be more accessible to the working-class, a consideration which to me outweighs everything else. that is the good side of y our suggestion, but here is the reverse of the medal: the method of analysis which i have employed, and which had not previously been applied to economic subjects, makes the reading of the first chapters rather arduous, and it is to be feared that the french public, always impatient to come to a conclusion, eager to know the connation between general principles and the immediate questions that have aroused their passions, may be disheartened because they will be unable to move on at once. that is a disadvantage i am powerless to overcome, unless it be by forewarning and forearming those readers who zealously seek the truth. there is no royal to science, and only those who do not dread the fatiguing climb of its steep paths have a chance of gaining its luminous summits. believe me, dear citizen you’re devoted, london, march 18, 1872 karl marx from the afterword to the second german edition that the method employed in "das kapital" has been little understood is shown by the various conceptions, contradictory one to another, that have been formed of it. thus the paris revue positiviste reproaches me in that, on the one hand, i treat economics metaphysically, and on the other hand-imagine!-confine myself to the mere critical analysis of actual facts, instead of writing receipts (comtist ones ?) for the cook-shops of the future. in answer to the reproach in re metaphysics, professor sieber has it: "in so far as it deals with actual theory, the method of marx is the deductive method of the whole english school, a school whose failings and virtues are common to the best theoretic economists”. m. biock - "les theoriciens du socialismeen allemagne. extrait du journal des economistes, juillet et aout 1872" - makes the discovery that my method is analytic and says: "par cet ouvrage m. marx se classe parmi les esprits analytiques lesplus eminents." german reviews, of course, shriek out at "hegelian sophistics." the european messenger of st. petersburg in an article dealing exclusively with the method of "das kapital" (may number, 1872, pp. 427-436), finds my method of inquiry severely realistic, but my method of presentation, unfortunately, germandialectical. it says: "at first sight, if the judgment is based on the external form of the presentation of the subject, marx is the most ideal of ideal philosophers, always in the german, i.e., the bad sense of the word. but in point of fact he is infinitely more realistic than all his fore-runners in the work of economic criticism. he can in no sense be called an idealist. "i cannot answer the writer better than by aid of a few extracts from h is own criticism, which may interest some of my readers to whom the russian original is inaccessible. after a quotation from the preface to my "criticism of political economy, "berlin, 1859, pp. iv-vi i, where i discuss the materialistic basis of my method, the writer goes on: "the one thing which is of moment to marx, is to find the law of the phenomena with whose investigation he is concerned; and not only is that law of moment to him, which governs these phenomena, in so far as they have a definite form and mutual connexions within a given historical period. of still greater moment to him is the law of their variation, of their development, i.e., of their transition from one form into another, from one series of connexions into a different one. this law once discovered, he investigates in detail the effects in which it manifests itself in social life. consequently, marx only troubles himself about one thing: to show, by rigid scientific investigation, the necessity of successive determinate orders of social conditions, and to establish, as impartially as possible, the facts that serve him for fundamental starting-points. for this it is quite enough, if he proves, at the same time, both the necessity of the present order of things, and the necessity of another order into which the first must inevitably pass over, and this all the same, whether men believe or do not believe it, whether they are conscious or unconscious of it. marx treats the social movement as a process of natural history, governed by laws not only independent of human will, consciousness and intelligence, but rather, on the contrary, determining that will, consciousness and intelligence . . . . if in the history of civilization the conscious element plays a part so subordinate, then it is self-evident that a critical inquiry, whose subject-matter is civilization, can, less than anything else, has for its basis any form of, or any result of, consciousness. that is to say, that not the idea, but the material phenomenon alone can serve as its starting-point. such an inquiry will confine itself to the confrontation and the comparison of a fact, not with ideas, but with another fact. for this inquiry, the one thing of moment is, that both facts be investigated as accurately as possible, and that they actually form, each with respect to the other, different moment of an evolution; but most important of all is the rigid analysis of the series of success ions, of the sequences and concatenations in which the different stages of such an evolution present themselves. but it will be said, the general laws of economic life are one and the same, no matter whether they are applied to the present or the past. this marx directly denies. according to him, such abstract laws do not exist. on the contrary, in his opinion every historical period has laws of its own . . . . as soon as society has outlived a given period of development, and is passing over from one given stage to another, it begins to be subject also to other laws. in a word, economic life offers us a phenomenon analogous to the history of evolution in other branches of biology. the old economists misunderstood the nature of economic laws when they likened them to the laws of physics and chemistry. a more thorough analysis of phenomena shows that social organisms differ among themselves as fundamentally as plants or animals. nay, one and the same phenomenon falls under quite different laws in consequence of the different structure of those organisms as a whole, of the variations of their individual organs, of the different conditions in which those organs function, &c. marx, e.g., denies that the law of population is the same at all times and in all places. he asserts, on the contrary, that every stage of development has its own law of population. . . . with the varying degree of development of productive power, social conditions and the laws governing them vary too. whilst marx sets himself the task of following and explaining from this point of view the economic system established by the sway of capital, he is only formulating, in a strictly scientific manner, the aim that every accurate investigation into economic life must have. the scientific value of such an inquiry lies in the disclosing of the special laws that regulate the origin, existence, development, death of a given social organism and its replacement by another and higher one. and it is this value that, in point of fact, marx's book has." whilst the writer pictures what he takes to be actually my method, in this striking and generous way, what else is he picturing but the dialectic method? of course the method of presentation must differ in form from that of inquiry. the latter has to appropriate the material in detail, to analyze its different forms of development, to trace out their inner connexion. only after this work is done, can the actual movement be adequately described. if this is done successfully, if the life of the subject-matter is ideally reflected as in a mirror, then it may appear as if we had before us a mere a priori construction. my dialectic method is not only different from the hegelian, but is its direct opposite. to hegel, the life-process of the human brain, i.e., the process o f thinking, which, under the name of "the idea," he even transforms into an independent subject, is the demiurges of the real world, and the real world is only the external, phenomenal form of "the idea." with me, on the contrary, the ideal is nothing else than the material world reflected by the human minds, and translated into forms of thought. the mystifying side of hegelian dialectic i criticised nearly thirty years ago, at a time when it was still the fashion. but just as i was working at the first volume of "das kapital," it was the good pleasure of the peevish, arrogant, mediocre epigones who now talk large in cultured germany, to treat hegel in the same way as the brave moses mendelssohn in lessing's time treated spinoza, i.e., as a "dead dog." i therefore openly avowed myself the pupil of that mighty thinker, a n d even here and there, in the chapter on the theory of value, coquetted- with the modes of expression peculiar to him. the mystification which dialectic suffers in hegel's hands, by no means prevents him from being the first to p resent its general form of working in a comprehensive and conscious manner. with him it is standing on its head. it must be turned right side up again, if you would discover the rational kernel within the mystical shell. in its mystified form, dialectic became the fashion in germany, because it seemed to transfigure and to glorify the existing state of things. in its rational form it is a scandal and abomination to bourgeoisdom and its doctrinaire professors, because it includes in its comprehension an affirmative recognition of the existing state of things, at the same time also, the recognition of the negation of that state, of its inevitable breaking up; because it regards every historically developed social form as in fluid movement, and therefore takes into account its transient nature not less than its momentary existence; because it lets nothing impose upon it, and is in its essence critical and revolutionary. the contradictions inherent in the movement of capitalist society impress themselves upon the practical bourgeois most strikingly in the changes of the periodic cycle, through which modem industry runs, and whose crowning point is the universal crisis. that crisis is once again approaching, although as yet but in its preliminary stage; and by the universality of its theatre and the intensity of its action it will drum dialectics even into the heads of the mushroom-upstarts of the new, holy prusso-german empire. london, january 24, 1873 karl marx ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- notes : 1. this is the more necessary, as even the section of ferdinand lassalle's work against schulze delitzsch, in which he professes to give “the intellectual quintessence" of my explanations on these subjects, contains important mistakes. if ferdinand lassalle has borrowed almost literally from my writings, and without any acknowledgement, all the general theoretical propositions in his economic works, e.g., those on the historical character of capital, on the connation between the conditions of production and the mode of production, &c., &c., even to the terminology created by me, this may perhaps be due to purposes of propaganda. i am here, of course, not speaking of his detailed working o u t and application of these propositions, with which i have nothing to do. 2. this story is about you. 3. the dead man seizes the living one. 4. marx was inaccurate here, although for an easily understandable reason. the vice presidency became vacant when vice president andrew johnson succeeded to the presidency upon lincoln's assassination in 1865. in 1867 senator benjamin f. wade of ohio was elected president pro tem of the senate. he thereby became first in line of succession to the presidency during the johnson administration and in this sense was the equivalent o f a vice president although he did not in fact occupy that office. 5. "follow your own course, no matter what people say." 6. "with this work marx takes his place among the most eminent analytic minds." ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- part i. commodities and money chapter i. commodities section 1. the two factors of a commodity: use-value and value (the substance of value and the magnitude of value) the wealth of those societies in which the capitalist mode of production prevails, presents itself as "an immense accumulation of commodities," its unit being a single commodity. our investigation must therefore begin with the analysis of a commodity. a commodity is, in the first place, an object outside us, a thing that by its properties satisfies human wants of some sort or another. the nature of such wants, whether, for instance, they spring from the stomach or from fancy, makes no difference. neither are we here concerned to know how the object satisfies these wants, whether directly as means of subsistence, or indirectly as means of production. every useful thing, as iron, paper, &c., may be looked at from the two points of view of quality and quantity. it is an assemblage of many properties, and may therefore be of use in various ways. to discover the various uses of things is the work of history. so also is the establishment of socially recognized standards of measure for the quantities of these useful objects. the diversity of these measures has its origin partly in the diverse nature of the objects to be measured, partly in convention. the utility of a thing makes it a use-value. but this utility is not a thing of air. being limited by the physical properties of the commodity, it has no existence apart from that commodity. a commodity, such as iron, corn, or a diamond, is therefore, so far as it is a material thing, a us e-value, something useful. this property of a commodity is independent of the amount of labour required to appropriate its useful qualities. when treating of use-value, we always assume to be dealing with definite quantities, such as dozens of watches, yards of linen, or tons of iron. the use-values of commodities furnish the material for a special study, that of the commercial knowledge of commodities. use-values become a reality only by use or consumption: they also constitute the substance of all wealth, whatever may be the social form of that wealth. in the form of society we are about to consider, they are, in addition, the material depositories of exchange value. exchange-value, at first sight, presents itself as a quantitative relation, as the proportion in which values in use of one sort are exchanged for those of another sort, a relation constantly changing with time and place. hence exchange-value appears to be something accidental and purely relative, and consequently an intrinsic value, i.e., an exchange-value that is inseparably connected with, inherent in commodities, seems a contradiction in terms. let us consider the matter a little more closely. a given commodity, e.g., a quarter of wheat is exchanged for x blacking, y silk, or z gold, &c.-in short, for other commodities in the most different proportions. instead of one exchange-value, the wheat has, therefore, a great many. but since x blacking, y silk, or z gold, &c., each represent the exchange-value of one quarter of wheat, x blacking, y silk, z gold, &c., must, as exchange-values, be replaceable by each other, or equal to each other. therefore, first: the valid exchange-values of a given commodity express something equal; secondly, exchange-value, generally, is only the mode of expression, the phenomenal form, of something contained in it, yet distinguishable from it. let us take two commodities, e.g., corn and iron, the proportions in which they are exchangeable, whatever those proportions may be, can always b e represented by an equation in which a given quantity of corn is equated to some quantity of iron: e.g., i quarter corn = x cwt. iron. what does this equation tell us? it tells us that in two different things-in i quarter of corn and x cwt. of iron, there exists in equal quantities something common to both. the two things must therefore be equal to a third, which in itself is neither the one nor the other. each of them, so far as it is exchange value, must therefore be reducible to this third. a simple geometrical illustration will make this clear. in order to calculate and compare the areas of rectilinear figures, we decompose them into triangles. but the area of the triangle itself is expressed by something totally different from its visible figure, namely, by half the product of the base into the altitude. in the same way the exchange-values of commodities must be capable of being expressed in terms of something common to them all, of which thing they represent a greater or less quantity. this common "something" cannot be either a geometrical, a chemical, or any other natural property of commodities. such properties claim our attention only in so far as they affect the utility of those commodities, make them use-values. but the exchange of commodities is evidently an act characterised by a total abstraction from use-value. then one use-value is just as good as another, provided only it be present in sufficient quantity. or, as old barbon says, "one sort of wares is as good as another, if the values be equal. there is no difference or distinction in things of equal value. . . . an hundred pounds' worth of lead or iron, is of as great value as one hundred pounds' worth of silver or gold." as use-values, commodities are, above all, of different qualities, but as exchange-values they are merely different quantities, and consequently do not contain an atom of use-value. if then we leave out of consideration the use-value of commodities, they have only one common property left, that of being products of labour. but even the product of labour itself has undergone a change in our hands. if we make abstraction from its use-value, we make abstraction at the same time from the material elements and shapes that make the product a use-value; we see in it no longer a table, a house, yarn, or any other useful thing. its existence as a material thing is put out of sight. neither can it any longer be regarded as the product of the labour of the joiner, the mason, the spinner, or of any other definite kind of productive labour. along with the useful qualities of the products themselves, we put out of sight both the useful character of the various kinds of labour embodied in them, and the concrete forms of that labour; there is nothing left but what is common to them all; all are reduced to one and the same sort of labour, human labour in the abstract. let us now consider the residue of each of these products; it consists of the same unsubstantial reality in each, a mere congelation of homogeneous human labour, of labour-power expended without regard to the mode of its expenditure. all that these things now tell us is, that human labour-power has been expended in their production, that human labour is embodied in them. when looked at as crystals of this social substance, common to them all, they are-values. we have seen that when commodities are exchanged, their exchange value manifests itself as something totally independent of their use-value. but if we abstract from their use-value, there remains their value as defined above. therefore, the common substance that manifests itself in the exchange-value of commodities, whenever they are exchanged, is their value. the progress of our investigation will show that exchange-value is the only form in which the value of commodities can manifest itself or be expressed. for the present, however, we have to consider the nature of value independently of this, its form. a use-value, or useful article, therefore, has value only because human labour in the abstract has been embodied or materialised in it. how, then, is the magnitude of this value to be measured? painly, by the quantity of the value-creating substance the labour contained in the article. the quantity of labour, however, is measured by its duration, and labour-time in its turn finds its standard in weeks, days, and hours. some people might think that if the value of a commodity is determined by the quantity of labour spent on it, the more idle and unskillful the labourer, the more valuable would his commodity be, because more time would be required in its production. the labour, however, that forms the substance of value, is homogeneous human labour, expenditure of one uniform labour-power. the total labour-power of society, which is embodied in the sum total of the values of all commodities produced by that society, counts here as one homogeneous mass of human labour-power, composed though it be of innumerable individual units. each of these units is the same as any other, so far as it has the character of the average labour-power of society, and takes effect as such; that is, so far as it requires for producing a commodity, no more time than is needed on an average, no more than is socially necessary. the labour-time socially necessary is that required to produce a n article under the normal condition s of production, and with the average degree of skill and intensity prevalent at the time. the introduction of powerlooms into england probably reduced by one-half the labour required to weave a given quantity of yarn into cloth. the handloom weavers, as a matter of fact, continued to require the same time as before; but for all that, the product o f one hour of their labour represented after the change only half an hour's social labour, and consequently fell to one-h al f its former value. we see then tha t that which determines the magnitude of the value of any article is the amount of labour socially necessary, or the labour-time socially necessary for its production. each individual commodity, in this connexion, is to be considered as an average sample of its class, commodities, therefore, in which equal quantities of labour are embodied, or which can be produced in the same time, have the same value. the value of one commodity is to the value of any other, as the labour-time necessary for the production of the one is to that necessary for the production of the other. "as values, all commodities are only definite masses of congealed labour-time." the value of a commodity would therefore remain constant, if the labour-time required for its production also remained constant. but the latter changes with every variation in the productiveness of labour. this productiveness is determined by various circumstances, amongst others, by the average amount of skill of the workmen, the state of science, and the degree of its practical application, the social organisation of production, the extent and capabilities of the means of production, and by physical conditions. for example, the same amount of labour in-favourable seasons is embodied in bushels of corn, and in unfavourable, only in four. the same labour extracts from rich mines more metal than from poor mines. diamonds are of very rare occurrence on the earth's surface, and hence their discovery costs, on an average, a great deal of labour-time. consequently much labour is represented in a small compass. jacob doubts whether gold has ever been paid for at its full value. this applies still more to diamonds. according to eschwege, the total produce of the brazilian diamond mines for the eighty years, ending in 1823, had not realised the price of one-and-a-half years average produce of the sugar and coffee plantations of the same country, although the diamonds cost much more labour, and therefore represented more value. with richer mines, the same quantity of labour would embody itself in more diamonds, and their value would fall. if we could succeed at a small expenditure of labour, in converting carbon into diamonds, their value might fall below that of bricks. in general, the greater the productiveness of labour, the less is the labour-time required for the production of an article, the less is the amount of labour crystallised in that article, and the less is its value; and vice versa, the less the productiveness of labour, the greater is the labour-time required for the production of an article, and the greater is its value. the value of a commodity, therefore, varies directly as the quantity, and inversely as the productiveness, of the labour incorporated in it. a thing ca n be a use-value, without having value. this is the case whenever it’s utility to man is not due to labour. such are air, virgin soil, natural meadows, &c. a thing can be useful, and the product of human labour, without being a commodity. whoever directly satisfies his wants with the produce of his own labour, creates, indeed, use-values, but no commodities. in order to produce the latter, he must not only produce' use-values, but use-values for others, social use-values. (and not only for others, without more, the medireval had peasant produced quit-rent-com for his feudal lord and tithe-corn for his parson. but neither the quit-rent-corn nor the tithe-corn became commodities by reason of the fact that they had been produced for others. to become a commodity a product must be transferred to another, whom it will serve as a use-value, by means of an exchange.) lastly nothing can have value, without being an object of utility. if the thing is useless, so is the labour contained in it; the labour does not count as labour, and therefore creates no value. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- notes : 1. karl marx, "zur kritik der politischen oekonomie." berlin, 1859, p. 3. 2. "desire implies want; it is the appetite of the mind, and as natural as hunger to the body. . . . the greatest numbers (of things) have their value from supplying the wants o f the mind." nicholas barbon: "a discourse concerning coining the new money lighter, in answer to mr. locke's considerations," &c., london, 1696, pp. 2, 3. 3. "things have an intrinsick vertue" (this is barbon's special term for value in use) "which in all places have the same virtue; as the loadstone to attract iron" (i. c., p. 6). the property which the magnet possesses of attracting iron became of use only after by means of that property the polarity of the magnet had been discovered. 4. "the natural worth of anything consists in its fitness to supply the necessities, or serve the conveniences of human life." (john locke, "some considerations on the consequences of the lowering of interest, 1691, "in works edit. lond, 1777, vol. ii., p. 28.) in english writers o f the 17th century we frequently find "worth" in the sense of value in use, and "value" in the sense of exchange-value. this is quite in accordance with the spirit of a language that likes to use a teutonic word for the actual thing, and a romance word for its reftexion. 5. in bourgeois societies the economic fictio juris prevails, that every one, as a buyer, possesses an encyclopaedic knowledge of commodities. 6. "la valeur consiste dans ie rapport d'echange qui se trouve entre telle chose et telle autre, entre telle mesure d'une production, et telle mesure d'une autre." (le trosne: "de l'interet social." physiocrates, ed. daire. paris.1846. p. 889.) 7. "nothing can have an intrinsic value." (n. barbon, 1. c., p. 6); or as butler says- "the value of a thing is just as much as it will bring." 8. "the value of them (the necessaries of life), when they are exchanged the one for another, is regulated by the quantity of labour necessarily required and commonly taken in producing them.” ("some thoughts on the interest of money in general, and particularly in the publick funds, &c" lond., p. 36.) this remarkable anonymous work, written in the last century, bears no date. it is clear, however, from internal evidence, that i t appeared in the reign of george ii, about 1739 or 1740. 9. "toutes les productions d'un me me genre ne forment proprement qu'une masse, dont ie prix se determine en general et sans egard aux circonstances particulieres." (le trosne, 1. c., p. 893.) ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- section 2. the two-fold character of the labour embodied in commodities at first sight a commodity presented itself to us as a complex of two things-use-value and exchange-value. later on, we saw also that labour, too, possesses the same two-fold nature; for, so far as it finds expression in value, it does not possess the same characteristics that belong to it as a creator of use-values. i was the first to point out and to examine critically this two-fold nature of the labour contained in commodities. as this point is the pivot on which a clear comprehension of political economy turns, we must go more into detail. let us take two commodities such as a coat and 10 yards of linen, and let the former be double the value of the latter, so that, if 10 yards of linen = w, the coat = 2w. the coat is a use-value that satisfies a particular want. its existence is the result of a special sort of productive activity, the nature of which is determined by its aim, mode of operation, subject, means, and result. the labour, whose utility is thus represented by the value in use of its product, or which manifests itself by making its product a use-value, we call useful labour. in this connexion we consider only its useful effect. as the coat and the linen are two qualitatively different usevalues, so also are the two forms of labour that produce them, tailoring and weaving. were these two objects not qualitatively differrent, not produced respectively by labour of different quality, they could not stand to each other in the relation of commodities. coats are not exchanged for coats one use-value is not exchanged for another of the same kind. to all the different varieties of values in use there correspond as many different kinds of useful labour, classified according to the order, genus, species, and variety to which they belong in the social division of labour. this division of labour is a necessary condition for the production of commodities, but it does not follow, conversely, that the production of commodities is a necessary condition for the division of labour. in the primitive indian community there is social division of labour, without production of commodities. or, to take an example nearer home, in every factory the labour is divided according to a system, but this division is not brought about by the operatives mutually exchanging their individual products. only such products can become commodities with regard to each other, as result from different kinds of labour, each kind being carried on independently and for the account of private individuals. to resume, then: in the use-value of each commodity there is contained useful labour, i.e., productive activity of a definite kind and exercised with a definite aim. use-values cannot confront each other as commodities, unless the useful labour embodied in them is qualitatively different in each of them. in a community, the produce of which in general takes the form of commodities, i.e., in a community of commodity producers, this qualitative difference between the useful forms of labour that are carried on independently by individual producers, each on their own account, develops into a complex system, a social division of labour. anyhow, whether the coat be worn by the tailor or by his customer, in either case it operates as a use-value. nor is the relation between the coat and the labour that produced it altered by the circumstance that tailoring may have become a special trade, an independent branch of the social division of labour. wherever the want of clothing forced them to it, the human race made clothes for thousands of years, without a single man becoming a tailor. but coats and linen, like every other element of material wealth that is not the spontaneous produce of nature, must invariably owe their existence to a special productive activity, exercised with a definite aim, an activity that appropriates particular nature-given materials to particular human wants, so far therefore as labour is a creator of use-value, is useful labour, it is a necessary condition, independent of all forms of society, for the existence of the human race; it is an eternal nature-imposed necessity, without which there can be no material exchanges between man and nature, and therefore no life. the use-values, coat, linen, &c., i.e., the bodies of commodities, are combinations of two elements-matter and labour. if we take away the useful labour expended upon them, a material substratum is always left, which is furnished by nature without the help of man. the latter can work only as nature does, that is by changing the form of matter. nay more, in this work of changing the form he is constantly helped by natural forces. we see, then, that labour is not the only source of material wealth, of use-values produced by labour. as william petty puts it, labour is its father and the earth its mother. let us, now pass from the commodity considered as a use-value to the value of commodities. by our assumption, the coat is worth twice as much as the linen. but this is a mere quantitative difference, which for the present does not concern us. we bear in mind, however, that if the value of the coat is double that of 10 yds. of linen, 20 yds. of linen must have the same value as one coat. so far as they are values, the coat and the linen are things of a like substance, objective expressions of essentially identical labour. but tailoring and weaving are, qualitatively, different kinds of labour. there are, however, states of society in which one and the same man does tailoring and weaving alternately, in which case these two forms of labour are mere modifications of the labour of the same individual, and no special and fixed functions of different persons; just as the coat which our tailor makes one day, and the trousers which he makes another day, imply only a variation in the labour of one and the same individual. moreover, we see at a glance that, in our capitalist society, a given portion of human labour is, in accordance with the varying demand, at one time supplied in the form of tailoring, at another in the form of weaving. this change may possibly not take place without friction, but take place it must. productive activity, if we leave out of sight its special form, viz., the useful character of the labour, is nothing but the expenditure of human labour-power. tailoring and weaving, though qualitatively different productive activities, are each a productive expenditure of human brains, nerves, and muscles, and in this sense are human labour. they are but two different modes of expending human labour-power. of course, this labour-power, which remains the same under all its modifications, must have attained a certain pitch of development before it can be expended in a multiplicity of modes. but the value of a commodity represents human labour in the abstract, the expenditure of human labour in general. and just as in society, a general or a banker plays a great part, but mere man, on the other hand, a very shabby part,2 so here with human labour. it is the expenditure of simple labour-power, i.e., of the labour-power which, on an average, apart from any special development, exists in the organism of every ordinary individual. simple average labour, it is true, varies in character in different countries and at different times, but in a particular society it is given. skilled labour counts only as simple labour intensified, or rather, as multiplied simple labour, a given quantity of skilled being considered equal to a greater quantity of simple labour. experience shows that this reduction is constantly being made. a commodity may be the product of the most skilled labour, but its value, by equating it to the product of simple unskilled labour, represents a definite quantity of the latter labour alone. the different proportions in which different sorts of labour are reduced to unskilled labour as their. standard, are established by a social process that goes on behind the: backs of the producers, and, consequently, appear to be fixed by custom. for simplicity's sake we shall henceforth account every kind of labour to be unskilled, simple labour; by this we do no more than save ourselves the trouble of making the reduction. just as, therefore, in viewing the coat and linen as values, we abstract from their different use-values, so it is with the labour represented by those values: we disregard the difference between its useful forms, weaving and tailoring. as the use-values, coat and linen, are combinations of special productive activities with cloth and yarn, while the values, coat and linen, are, on the other hand, mere homogeneous congelations of undifferentiated labour, so the labour embodied in these latter values does not count by virtue of its productive relation to cloth and yarn, but only as being expenditure of human labour-power. tailoring and weaving are necessary factors in the creation of the use-values, coat and linen, precisely because these two kinds of labour are of different qualities; but only in so far as abstraction is made from their special qualities, only in so far as both possess the same quality of being human labour, do tailoring and weaving form the substance of the values of the same article. coats and linen, however, are not merely values, but values of definite magnitude, and according to our assumption, the coat is worth twice as much as the ten yards of linen. whence this difference in their values? it is owing to the fact that the linen contains only half as much labour as the coat, and consequently, that in the production of the latter, labour-power must have been expended during twice the time necessary for the production of the former. while, therefore, with reference to use-value, the labour contained in a commodity counts only qualitatively, with reference to value it counts only quantitatively, and must first be reduced to human labour pure and simple. in the former case, it is a question of how and what, in the latter of how much? how long a time? since the magnitude of the value of a commodity represents only the quantity of labour embodied in it, it follows that all commodities, when taken in certain proportions, must be equal in value. if the productive power of all the different sorts of useful labour required for the production of a coat remains unchanged, the sumof the values of the coats produced increases with their number. if one coat represents x days' labour, two coats represent 2 x days' labour, and so on. but assume that the duration of the labour necessary for the production of a coat becomes doubled or halved. in the first case, one coat is worth as much as two coats were before; in the second case, two coats are only worth as much as one was before, although in both cases one coat renders the same service as before, and the useful labour embodied in it remains of the same quality. but the quantity of labour spent on its production has altered. an increase in the quantity of use-values is an increase of material wealth. with two coats two men can be clothed, with one coat only one man. nevertheless, an increased quantity of material wealth may correspond to a simultaneous fall in the magnitude of its value. this antagonistic movement has its origin in the two-fold character of labour. productive power has reference, of course, only to labour of some useful concrete form, the efficacy of any special productive activity during a given time being dependent on its productiveness. useful labour becomes, therefore, a more or less abundant source of products, in proportion to the rise or fall o f its productiveness. on the other hand, no change in this productiveness affects the labour represented by value. since productive power is an attribute of the concrete useful forms of labour, of course it can no longer have any bearing on that labour, as soon as we make abstraction from those concrete useful forms. however then productive power may vary, the same labour, exercised during equal periods of time, always yields equal amounts o f value. but it" will yield, during equal periods of time, different quantities of values in use; more, if the productive power rise, fewer, if it fall. the same change in productive power, which increases the fruitfulness of labour, and, in consequence, the quantity of use-values produced by that labour, will diminish the total value of this increased quality of use-values, provided such change shorten the total labour-time necessary for their production; and vice versa. on the one hand all labour is, speaking physioiogically, an expenditure o f human labour-power, and in its character of identical abstract human labour, it creates and forms the value of commodities. on the other hand, all labour is the expenditure of human labour-power in a special form and with a definite aim, and in this, its character of concrete useful labour, it produces use values. section 3. the form of value or exchange-value commodities come into the world in the shape of use-values, articles, or goods, such as iron, linen, corn, &c. this is their plain, homely, bodily form. they are, however, commodities, only because they are something two-fold, both objects of utility, and, at the same time, depositories of value. they manifest themselves therefore as commodities, or have the form of commodities, only in so far as they have two forms, a physical or natural form and a value form. the reality of the value of commodities differs in this respect from dame quickly, that we don't know "where to have it." the value of commodities .is the very opposite of the coarse materiality of their substance, not an atom of matter enters into its composition. turn and examine a single commodity, by itself, as we will, vet in so far as it remains an object of value, it seems impossible to grasp it. if, however, we bear in mind that the value of commodities has a purely social reality, and that they acquire this reality only in so far as they are expressions or embodiments of one identical social substance, viz., human labour, it follows as a matter of course, that value can only manifest itself in the social relation of commodity to commodity. in fact we started from exchange-value, or the exchange relation of commodities, in order to get at the value that lies hidden behind it. we must now return to this –form under which value first appeared to us. every one knows, if he knows nothing else, that commodities have a value-form common to them all, and presenting a marked contrast with the varied bodily forms of their use-values. i mean their money-form. here, however, a task is set us, the performance of which has never yet even been attempted by bourgeois economy, the task of tracing the genesis of this money-form, of developing the expression of value implied in the value-relation of commodities, from its simplest, almost imperceptible outline, to the dazzling money-form. b y doing this we shall, a t the same time, solves the riddle presented by money. the simplest value-relation is evidently that of one commodity to some one other commodity of a different kind. hence the relation between the values of two commodities supplies us with the simplest expression of the value of a single commodity. a. elementary or accidental form of value x commodity a = y commodity b, or x commodity a is worth y commodity b. 20 yards o f linen = 1 coat, or 20 yards of linen are worth 1 coat. 1. the two poles of the expression of value: relative form and equivalent form the whole mystery of the form of value lies hidden in this elementary form. its analysis, therefore, is our real difficulty. here two different kinds of commodities (in our example the linen and the coat), evidently play two different parts. the linen expresses its value in the coat; the coat serves as the material in which that value is expressed. the former plays an active, the latter a passive, part. the value of the linen is represented as relative value, or appears in relative form. the coat officiates as equivalent, or appears in equivalent form. the relative form and the equivalent form are two intimately connected, mutually dependent and inseparable elements of. the expression of value; but, at the same time, are mutually exclusive, antagonistic extremes-i.e., poles of the same expression. they are allotted respectively to the two different commodities brought into relation by that expression. it is not possible to express the value of linen in linen. 20 yards of linen = 20 yards of linen is no expression of value. on the contrary, such an equation merely says that 20 yards of linen are nothing else than 20 yards of linen, a definite quantity of the use-value linen. the value of the linen can therefore be expressed only relatively-i.e., in some other commodity. the relative form of the value of the linen pre-supposes, therefore, the presence of some other commodity-here the coat-under the form of an equivalent. on the other hand, the commodity that figures as the equivalent cannot at the same time assume the relative form. that second commodity is not the one whose value is expressed. its function is merely to serve as the material in which the value of the first commodity is expressed. no doubt, the expression 20 yards of linen = 1 coat, or 20 yards of linen are worth 1 coat, implies the opposite relation: 1 coat = 20 yards of linen, or 1 coat is worth 20 yards of linen. but, in that case, i must reverse the equation, in order to express the value of the coat relatively; and, so soon as i do that, the linen becomes the equivalent instead of the coat. a single commodity cannot, therefore, simultaneously assume, in the same expression o f value, both forms. the very polarity of these forms makes them mutually exclusive. whether, then, a commodity assumes the relative form, or the opposite equivalent form, depends entirely upon its accidental position in the expression of value-that is, upon whether it is the commodity whose value is being expressed or the commodity in which value is being expressed. 2. the relative form of value a. the nature and import of this form in order to discover how the elementary expression of the value of a commodity lies hidden in the value-relation of two commodities, we must, in the first place, consider the latter entirely apart from its quantitative aspect. the usual mode of procedure is generally the reverse, and in the value-relation nothing is seen but the proportion between definite quantities of two different sorts of commodities that are considered equal to each other. it is apt to be forgotten that the magnitudes of different things can be compared quantitatively, only when those magnitudes are expressed in terms of the same unit. it is only as expressions of such a unit that they are of the same denomination, and therefore commensurable. whether 20 yards of linen = 1 coat or = 20 coats o r = x coats-that is, whether a given quantity of linen is worth few or in any coats, every such statement implies that the linen and coats, as magnitudes of value, are expressions o f the same unit, things of the same kind. linen = coat is the basis of the equation. but the two commodities, whose identity of quality is thus assumed, do not play the same part. it is only the value of the linen that is expressed, and how? by its reference to the coat as its equivalent, as something that can be exchanged for it. in this relation the coat is the mode of existence of value, is value embodied, for only as such is it the same as the linen. on the other hand, the linen's own value comes to the front, receives independent expression, for it is only as being value that it is comparable with the coat as a thing of equal value, or exchangeable with the coat. to borrow an illustration from chemistry, butyric acid is a different substance from propyl formate. yet both are made up of the same chemical substances, carbon (c), hydrogen (h), and oxygen (0), and that, too, in like proportions-namely c4h8o2. if now we equate butyric a cid to propyl formate, then, in the first place, propyl formate would be, in this relation, merely a form of existence of c4h8o2; and in the second place, we should be stating that butyric acid also consists of c4h8o2. therefore, by thus equating the two substances, expression would be given to their chemical composition, while their different physical forms would be neglected. if we say that, as values, commodities are mere congelations of human labour, we reduce them by our analysis, it is true, to the abstraction, value; but we ascribe to this value no form apart from their bodily form. it is otherwise in the value-relation of one commodity to another. here, the one stands forth in its character of value by reason o f its relation to the other. by making the coat the equivalent of the linen, we equate the labour embodied in the former to that in the latter. now, it is hue that the tailoring, which makes the coat, is concrete labour of a different sort from the weaving which makes the linen. but the act of equating it to the weaving, reduces the tailoring to that which i s really equal in the two kinds of labour, to their common character of human labour. in this roundabout way, then, the fact is expressed, that weaving also, in so far as it weaves value, has nothing to distinguish it from tailoring, and, consequently, is 'abstract human labour. it is the expression of equivalence between different sorts of commodities that alone brings into relief the specific character of value-creating labour, and this it does by actually reducing the different varieties of labour embodied in the different kinds of commodities to their common quality of human labour in the abstract. there is, however, something else required beyond the expression of the specific character of the labour of which the value of the linen consists. human labour-power in motion, or human labour, creates value, but is not itself value. it becomes value only in its congealed state, when embodied in the form of some object. in order to express the value of the linen as a congelation of human labour, that value must be expressed as having objective existence, as being a something materially different from the linen itself, and yet a something common to the linen and all other commodities. the problem is already solved. when occupying the position of equivalent in the equation of value, the coat ranks qualitatively as the equal of the linen, as something of the same kind, because it is value. in this position it is a thing in which we see nothing but value, or whose palpable bodily form represents value. yet the coat itself, the body of the commodity, coat, is a mere use-value. a coat as such no more tells us it is value, than does the first piece of linen we take hold of. this shows that when placed in value-relation to the linen, t h e coat signifies more than when out of that relation, jus t as many a man strutting about in a gorgeous uniform counts for more than when in mufti. in the production of the coat, human labour-power, in the shape of tailoring, must have been actually expended. human labour is therefore accumulated in it. in this aspect the coat is a depository of value, but though worn to a thread, it does not let this fact show through. and as equivalent of the linen in the value equation, it exists under this aspect alone, counts therefore as embodied value, as a body that is value. a, for instance, cannot be "your majesty" to b, unless at the same time majesty in b's eyes assumes the bodily form of a, and, what is more, with every new father of the people, changes its features, hair, and many other things besides. hence, in the value equation, in which the coat is the equivalent of the linen, the coat officiates as the form of value. the value of the commodity linen is expressed by the bodily form of the commodity coat, the value of one by the use-value of the other. as a use-value, the linen is something palpably different from the coat; as value, it is the same as the coat, and now has the appearance of a coat. thus the linen acquires a value-form different from its physical form. the fact that it is value is made manifest by its equality with the coat, just as the sheep's nature of a christian is shown in his resemblance to the lamb of god. we see, then, all that our analysis o f the value o f commodities has already told us, is told us by the linen itself, so soon as it comes into communication with another commodity, the coat. only it betrays its thoughts in that language with which alone it is familiar, the language of commodities. in order to tell us that its own value is created by labour in its abstract character of human labour, it says that the coat, in so far as it is worth as much as the linen, and therefore is value, consists of the same labour as the linen. in order to inform us that its sublime reality as value is not the same as its buckram body, it says that value has the appearance of a coat, and consequently that so far as the linen is value, it and the coat are as like as two peas. we may here remark, that the language of commodities has, besides hebrew, many other more or less correct dialects. the german "wertsein," to be worth, for instance, expresses in a less striking manner than the romance verbs "valere," "valer," "valoir," that the equating of commodity b to commodity a, is commodity a's own mode of expressing its value. paris vaut bien une messe. by means, therefore, of the value-relation expressed in our equation, the bodily form of commodity b becomes the value-form of commodity a, or the body of commodity b acts as a mirror to the value of commodity a. by putting itself in relation with commodity b, as value in propria persona, as the matter of which human labour is made up, the commodity a converts the value in use, b, into the substance in which to express its, a's, own value. the value of a, thus expressed in the use-value of b, has taken the form of relative value. a. b. quantitative determination of relative value every commodity, whose value it is intended to express, is a useful object of given quantity, as 15 bushels of corn, or 100 lbs. of coffee. and a given quantity of any commodity contains a definite quantity of human labour. the value-form must therefore not only express value generally, but also value in definite quantity. therefore, in the value-relation of commodity a to commodity b, of the linen to the coat, not only is the latter, as value in general, made the equal in quality of the linen, but a definite quantity of coat (1 coat) is made the equivalent of a definite quantity (20 yards) of linen. the equation, 20 yards of linen=l coat, or 20 yards of linen are worth one coat, implies that the same quantity of value-substance (congealed labour) is embodied in both; that the two commodities have each cost the same a mount of labour of the same quantity of labour-time. but the labour-time necessary for the production of 20 yards of linen or 1 coat varies with every change in the productiveness of weaving or tailoring. we have now to consider the influence of such changes on the quantitative aspect of the relative expression of value. i. let the value of the linen vary, that of the coat remaining constant. if, say in consequence of the exhaustion of flax-growing soil, the labour-time necessary for the production of the linen be doubled, the value of the linen will also be doubled. instead of the equation, 20 yards of linen= 1 coat, we should have 20 yards of linen=2 coats, since 1 coat would now contain only half the labour-time embodied in 20 yards of linen. if, on the other hand, in consequence, say, of improved looms, this labour-time be reduced by one-half, the value of the linen would fall by one-half. consequently, we should have 20 yards of linen=yz coat. the relative value of commodity a, i.e., its value expressed in commodity b, rises and falls directly as the value of a, the value of b being supposed constant. ii. let the value of the linen remain constant, while the value of the coat varies. if, under these circumstances, in consequence, for instance, of a poor crop of wool, the labour-time necessary for the production of a coat becomes doubled, we have instead of 20 yards of linen= 1 coat, 20 yards o f linen= yz coat. i f, on the other hand, the value o f the coat sinks by one-half, then 20 yards of linen=2 coats. hence, if the value of commodity a remains constant, its relative value expressed in commodity b rises and falls inversely as the value of b. if we compare the different cases in i. and ii, we see that the same change of magnitude in relative value may arise from totally opposite causes. thus, the equation, 20 yards of linen=l coat, becomes 20 yards of linen= 2 coats, either, because the value of the linen has doubled, or because the value of the coat has fallen by one-half; and it becomes 20 yards of linen=y2 coat, either, because the value of the linen has fallen by one-half, or because the value of the coat has doubled. iii. let the quantities of labour-time respectively necessary for the production of the linen and the coat vary simultaneously in the same direction and in the same proportion. in this case 20 yards of linen continue equal to 1 coat, however much their values may have altered. their change of value is seen as soon as they are compared with a third commodity, whose value has remained constant. if the values o f all commodities rose or fell simultaneously, and in the same proportion, their relative values would remain unaltered. their real change of value would appear from the diminished or increased quantity of commodities produced in a given time. iv. the labour-time respectively necessary for the production of the linen and the coat, and therefore the value o f these commodities may simultaneously vary in the same direction, but a t unequal rates, or in opposite directions, or in other ways. the effect of all these possible different variations, on the relative value of a commodity, may be deduced from the results of i, ii, and iii. thus real changes in the magnitude of value are neither unequivocally nor exhaustively reflected in their relative expression, that is, in the equation expressing the magnitude o f relative value. the relative value of a commodity may vary, although its value remains constant. its relative value may remain constant, although its value varies; and finally, simultaneous variations in the magnitude of value and in that of its relative expression by no means necessarily correspond in amount. section 4. the fetishism of commodities and the secret thereof a commodity appears, at first sight, a very trivial thing, and easily understood. its analysis shows that it is, in reality, a very queer thing, abounding in metaphysical subtleties and theological niceties. so far as it is a value in use, there is nothing mysterious about it, whether we consider it from the point of view that by its properties it is capable of satisfying human wants, or from the point that those properties are the product of human labour. it is as clear as noon-day that man, by his industry, changes the forms of the materials furnished by nature, in such a way as to make them useful to him. the form of wood, for instance, is altered, by making a table out of it. yet, for all that, the table continues to be that common, every-day thing, wood. but, as soon as it steps forth as a commodity, it is changed into something transcendent. it not only stands with its feet on the ground, but, in relation to all other commodities, it stands on its head, and evolves out of its wooden brain grotesque ideas, far more wonderful than "table-turning" ever was. the mystical character of commodities does not originate, therefore, in their use-value. just as little does it proceed from the nature of the determining factors of value, for, in the first place, however varied the useful kinds of labour, or productive activities, may be, it is a physiological fact, that they are functions o f the human organism, and that each such function, whatever may be its nature or form, is essentially the expenditure of human brain, nerves, muscles, &c. secondly, with regard to that which forms the groundwork for the quantitative determination of value, namely, the duration of that expenditure, or the quantity of labour, it is quite clear that there is a palpable difference between its quantity and quality. in all states of society, the labour-time that it costs to produce the means of subsistence, must necessarily b e an object of interest to mankind, though not of equal interest in different stages of development. and lastly, from the moment that men in any way work for one another, their labour assumes a social form. whence, then, arises the enigmatical character of the product of labour, as soon as it assumes the form of commodities? clearly from this form itself. the equality of all sorts of human labour is expressed objectively by their products all being equally values; the measure of the expenditure of labour-power by the duration o f that expenditure, takes the form o f the quantity of value o f the products of labour; and finally, the mutual relations of the producers with in which the social character of their labour affirms itself, take the form of a social relation between the products. a commodity is therefore a mysterious thing, simply because in it the social character of men's labour appears to t h e m as an objective character stamped upon the product of that labour; because the relation of the producers to the sum total of their own labour is presented to them as a social relation, existing not between themselves, but between the products of their labour. this is the reason why the products of labour become commodities, social things whose qualities are at the same time perceptible and imperceptible by the senses. in the same way the light from an object is perceived by us not as the subjective excitation of our optic nerve, but as the objective form of something outside the eye itself. but, in the act of seeing, there is at all events, an actual passage of light from one thing to another, from the external object to the eye. there is a physical relation between physical things. but it is different with commodities. there, the existence of the things qua commodities, and the value-relation between the products of labour which stamps them as commodities, has absolutely no connexion with their physical properties and with the material relations arising therefore. there it is a definite social relation between men that assumes, in their eyes, the fantastic form of a relation between things. in order, therefore, to find an analogy, we must have recourse to the mist-enveloped regions of the religious world. in that world the productions of the human brain appear as independent beings endowed with life, and entering into relation both with one another and the human race. so it is in the world of commodities with the products of men's hands. this i call the fetishism which attaches itself to the products of labour, as soon as they are produced as commodities, and which is therefore inseparable from the production of commodities. this fetishism of commodities has its origin, as the foregoing analysis has already shown, in the peculiar social character of the labour that produces them. as a general rule, articles of utility become commodities, only because they are products of the labour of private individuals or groups of individuals who carry on their work independently of each other. the sum total of the labour of all these private individuals forms the aggregate labour of society. since the producers do not come into social contact with each other until they exchange their products, the specific social character of each producer's labour does not show itself except in the act of exchange. i n other words, the labour of the individual asserts itself as a part of the labour of society, only by means of the relations which the act of exchange establishes directly between the products, and indirectly, through them, between the producers. to the latter, therefore, the relations connecting the labour of one individual with that of the rest appear, not as direct social relations between individuals at work, but as what they really are, material relations between persons and social relations between things. it is only by being exchanged that the products of labour acquire, as values, one uniform social status, distinct from their varied forms of existence as objects of utility. this division of a product into a useful thing and a value becomes practically important, only when exchange has acquired such an extension that useful articles are produced for the purpose of being exchanged, and their character as values has therefore to be taken into account, before hand, during production. from this moment the labour of the individual producer acquires socially a two-fold character. on the one hand, it must, as a definite useful kind of labour, satisfy a definite social want, and thus hold its p lace as part and parcel of the collective labour of all, as a branch of a social division of labour that has sprung up spontaneously. on the other hand, it can satisfy the manifold wants of the individual producer himself, only in so far as the mutual exchangeability of all kinds of useful private labour is an established social fact, and therefore the private useful labour of each producer ranks on equality with that of all others. the equalisation of the most different kinds of labour can be the result only of an abstraction from their inequalities, or of reducing them to their common denominator, viz., and expenditure of human labour-power or human labour in the abstract. the two-fold social character of the labour of the individual appears to him, when reflected in his brain, only under those forms which are impressed upon that labour in every-day practice by the exchange of products. in this way, the character that his own labour possesses of being socially useful takes the form of the condition, that the product must be not only useful, but useful for others, and the social character that his particular labour has o f being the equal of an other particular kinds of labour, takes the form that an the physically different articles that are the products of labour, have one common quality, viz., that of having value. hence, when we bring the products of our labour into relation with each other as values, it is not because we see in these articles the material receptacles of homogeneous human labour. quite the contrary: whenever, by an exchange, we equate as values our different products, by that very act, we also equate, as human labour, the different kinds of labour expended upon them. we are not aware of this, nevertheless we do it. value, therefore, does not stalk about with a label describing what it is. it is value rather, that converts every product into a social hieroglyphic. later on, we try to decipher the hieroglyphic, to get behind the secret of our own social products; for to stamp an object of utility as a value, is just as much a social product as language. the recent scientific discovery, that the products of labour, so far as they are values, are but material expressions of the human labour spent in their production, marks, indeed, an epoch in the history o f the development of the human race, but, by no means, dissipates the mist through which the social character of labour appears to us to be an objective character of the products themselves. the fact, that in the particular form of production with which we are dealing, viz., the production of commodities, the specific social character of private labour carried on independently, consists in the equality of every kind of that labour, by virtue of its being human labour, which character, therefore, assumes in the product the form of value-this fact appears to the producers, notwithstanding the discovery above referred to, to be just as real and final, as the fact, that, after the discovery by science of the component gases of air, the atmosphere itself remainerl unaltered. what, first of all, practically concerns producers when they make an exchange, is the question, how much of some other product they get for their own? in what proportions the products are exchangeable? when these proportions have, b y custom, attained a certain stability, they appear to result from the nature of the products, so that, for instance, one ton of iron and two ounces of gold appear as naturally to be of equal value as a pound of gold and a pound of iron in spite of their different physical and chemical qualities appear to be of equal weight. the character of having value, when once impressed upon products, obtains fixity only by reason of their acting and re-acting upon each other as quantities of value. these quantities vary continually, independently of the will, foresight and action of the producers. to them, their own social action takes the form of the action of objects, which rule the producers instead of being ruled by the. it requires a fully developed production of commodities before, from accumulated experience alone, the scientific conviction springs up, that all the different kinds of private labour, which are carried on independently of each other, and yet as spontaneously developed branches of the social division of labour, are continually being reduced to the quantitative proportions in which society requires them, and why? because, in the midst of all the accidental and ever fluctuating exchange-relations between the products, the labour-time socially necessary for their production forcibly asserts itself like an over-riding law of nature. the law of gravity thus asserts itself when a house falls about our ears. the determination of the magnitude of value by labour-time is therefore a secret, hidden under the apparent fluctuations in the relative values of commodities. its discovery, while removing all appearance of mere accidentality from the determination of the magnitude of the values of products, yet in no way alters the mode in which that determination takes place. man's reflections on the forms of social life, and consequently, also, his scientific analysis of those forms, take a course directly opposite to that of their actual historical development. he begins, post festum, with the results of the process of development ready to hand before him . the characters that stamp products as commodities, and whose establishment is a necessary preliminary to the circulation of commodities, have already acquired the stability of natural, self-understood forms of social life, before man seeks to decipher, not their historical character, for in his eyes they are immutable, but their meaning. consequently it was the analysis of the prices of commodities that alone led to the determination of the magnitude of value, and it was the common expression of all commodities in money that alone led to the establishment of their characters as values. it is, however, just this ultimate money-form of the world of commodities that actually conceals, instead of disclosing, the social character of private labour, and the social relations between the individual producers. when i state that coats or boots stand in a relation to linen, because it is the universal incarnation of abstract human labour, the absurdity of the statement is self-evident. nevertheless, when the producers of coats and boots compare those articles with linen, or, what is the same thing, with gold or silver, as the universal equivalent, they express the relation between their own private labour and the collective labour of society in the same absurd form. the categories of bourgeois economy consist of such like forms. they are forms o f thought expressing with social validity the conditions and relations of a definite, historically determined mode of production, viz., the production of commodities. the whole mystery of commodities, all the magic and necromancy that surrounds the products of labour as long as they take the form of commodities vanishes therefore, as soon as we come to other forms of production. since robinson crusoe's experiences are a favorite theme with political economists, let us take a look at him on his island. moderate though he be, yet some few wants he h a s to satisfy, and must therefore do a little useful work of various sorts, such as making tools and furniture, taming goats, fishing and hunting . of his prayers and the like we take no account, since they are a source of pleasure to him, and he looks upon them as so much recreation. in spite of the variety of his work, he knows that his labour, whatever its form, is but the activity of one and the same robinson, and consequently, that it consists of nothing but different modes of human labour. necessity itself compels him to apportion his time accurately between his different kinds of work. whether one kind occupies a greater space in his general activity than another, depends on the difficulties, greater or less as the case may be, to be overcome in attaining the useful effect aimed at. this our friend robinson soon learns b y experience, and having rescued a watch, ledger, and pen and ink from the wreck, commences, like a trueborn briton, to keep a set of books. his stock-book contains a list of the objects of utility that belong to him, of the operations necessary for their production; and lastly, of the labour-time that definite quantities of those objects have, on an average, cost him. all the relations between robinson and the objects that form this wealth of his own creation, are here so simple and clear as to be intelligible without exertion, even to mr. sedley taylor. and yet those relations contain that is essential to the determination of value. let us now transport ourselves from robinson's island bathed in light to the european middle ages shrouded in darkness. here, instead of the independent man, we find everyone dependent, serfs and lords, vassals and suzerains, laymen and clergy. personal dependence here characterises the social relations of production just as much as it does the other spheres of life organised on the basis of that production, but for the very reason that personal dependence forms the ground-work of society, there i s n o necessity for labour and its products to assume a fantastic form different from their reality. they take the shape, in the transactions of society, of services in kind and payments in kind. here the particular and natural form of labour, and not, as in a society based on production of commodities, its general abstract form is the immediate social form of labour. compulsory labour is just as properly measured by time, as commodity-producing labour, but every serf knows that what he expends in the service of his lord is a definite quantity of his own personal labour-power. the tithe to be rendered to the priest is more matter of fact than his blessing. no matter, then, what we may think of the parts played by the different classes of people themselves in this society, the social relations between individuals in the performance of their labour, appear at all events as their own mutual personal relations, and are not disguised under the shape of social relations between the products of labour. for an example of labour in common or directly associated labour, we have no occasion to go back to that spontaneously developed form which we find on the threshold of the history of all civilized races. we have one close at hand in the patriarchal industries of a peasant family that produces corn, cattle, yarn, linen, and clothing for home use. these different articles are, as regards the family, so many products of its labour, but as between themselves, they are not commodities. the different kinds of labour, such as tillage, cattle tending, spinning, weaving and making clothes, which result in the various products, are in themselves, and such as they are, direct social functions, because functions of the family, which, just as much a s a society based on the production of commodities, possesses a spontaneously developed system of division of labour. the distribution of the work within the family and the regulation of the labour-time of the several members, depend as well upon differences of age and sex as upon natural conditions varying with the seasons. the labour-power of each individual, by its very nature, operates in this case merely as a definite portion of the whole labour-power of the family, and therefore, the measure of the expenditure of individual labour-power by its duration, appears here by its very nature as a social character of their labour. let us now picture to ourselves, by way of change, a community of free individuals, carrying on their work with the means of production in common, in which the labour-power of all the different individuals is consciously applied as the combined labour-power of the community. all the characteristics of robinson's labour are here repeated, but with this difference, that they are social, instead of individual. everything produced by him was exclusively the result of his own personal labour, and therefore simply an object of use for himself. the total product of our community is a social product. one portion serves as fresh means of production and remains social. but another portion is consumed by the members as means of subsistence. a distribution of this portion amongst them is consequently necessary. the mode of this distribution will vary with the productive organisation of the community, and the degree of historical development attained by the producers. we will assume, but merely for the sake of a parallel with the production of commodities, that the share of each individual producer in the means of subsistence is determined by his labour-time. labour-time would, in that case, play a double part. its apportionment in accordance with a definite social plan maintains the proper proportion between the different kinds of work to be done and the various wants of the community. on the other hand, it also serves as a measure of the portion of the common labour borne by each individual, and of his share in the part of the total product destined for -individual consumption. the social relations of the individual producers, with regard both to their labour and to its products, are in this case perfectly simple and intelligible, and that with regard not only to production but also to distribution. the religious world is but the reflex of the real world. and for a society based upon the production of commodities, in which the producers in general enter into social relations with one another by treating their products as commodities and values, whereby they reduce their individual private labour to the standard of homogeneous human labour-for such a society, christianity with its cultus of abstract man, more especially in its bourgeois developments, protestantism, deism, &c., is the most fitting form of religion. in the ancient asiatic and other ancient modes of production, we find that the conversion of products into commodities, and therefore the conversion of men into producers of commodities, holds a subordinate place, which, however, increases in importance as the primitive communities approach nearer and nearer to their dissolution. trading nations, properly so called, exist in the • ancient world only in its interstices, like the gods of epicurus in the intermundia, or like jews in the pores of polish society. those ancient social organisms of production are, as compared with bourgeois society, extremely simple and transparent. but they are founded either on the immature development of man individually, who has not yet severed the umbilical cord that unites him with his fellowmen in a primitive tribal community, or upon direct relations of subjection. they can arise and exist only when the development of the productive power of labour has not risen beyond a low stage, and then, therefore, the social relations within the sphere of material life, between man and man, and between man and nature, are correspondingly narrow. this narrowness is reflected in the ancient worship of nature, and in the other elements of the popular religions. the religious reflex of the real world can, in any case, only then finally vanish, when the practical relations of every-day life offer to man none but perfectly intelligible and reasonable relations with regard to his fellowmen and to nature. the life-process of society, which is based on the process of material production, does not strip off its mystical veil until it is treated as production by freely associated men, and is consciously regulated by them in accordance with a settled plan . this, however, demands for society a certain material ground-work or set of conditions of existence which in their turn are the spontaneous product of a long and painful process of development. political economy has indeed analysed, however incompletely, value and its magnitude, and has discovered what lies beneath these forms. but it has never once asked the question why labour is represented by the value of its product and labour-time by the magnitude of that value. these formulae, which bear it stamped upon them in unmistakable letters that they belong to a state of society, in which the process of production has the mastery over man, instead of being controlled by him, such formulae appear to the bourgeois intellect to be as much a self-evident necessity imposed by nature as productive labour itself. hence forms of social production that preceded the bourgeois form are treated by the bourgeoisie in much the same way as the fathers of the church treated pre-christian religions. to what extent some economists are misled by the fetishism inherent in commodities, or by the objective appearance of the social characteristics of labour, are shown, amongst other ways, by the dull and tedious quarrel over the part played by nature in the formation of exchange-value. since exchange-value is a definite social manner of expressing the amount of labour bestowed upon object, nature has no more to do with it, than it has in fixing the course of exchange. the mode of production in which the product takes the form of a commodity, or is produced directly for exchange, is the most general and most embryonic form of bourgeois product ion. it therefore makes its appearance at an early date in history, though not in the same predominating and characteristic manner as now-a-days. hence its fetish character is comparatively easy to be seen through. but when we come to more concrete forms, even this appearance o f simplicity vanishes. whence arose the illusions of the monetary system? to it gold and silver, when serving as money, did not represent a social relation between producers but were natural objects with strange social properties. and modern economy, which looks down with such disdain on the monetary system, does not its superstition come out as clear as noon-day, whenever it treats of capital? how long is it since economy discarded the physiocratic illusion that rents grow out of the soil and not out of society? but not to anticipate, we will content ourselves with yet another example relating to the commodity-form. could commodities themselves speak, they would say: our use-value may be a thing that interests men. it is no part of us as objects. what, however, does belong to us as objects, is our value. our natural intercourse as commodities proves it. in the eyes of each other we are nothing but exchange-values. now listen how those commodities speak through the mouth of the economist. "value"- (i. e., exchange-value) "is a property of things, riches"- (i.e., use-value ) " of man . value, in this sense, necessarily implies exchanges, riches do not." " riches" ( use-value ) "are the attribute of men, value is the attribute of commodities. a man or a community is rich, a pearl or a diamond is valuable . . . . a pearl or a diamond is valuable" as a pearl or diamond, so far no chemist has ever discovered exchange-value either in a pearl or a diamond. the economic discoverers of this chemical element, who by-the-by lay special claim to critical acumen, find however that the use-value o f objects belongs to them independently of their material properties, while their value, on the other hand, forms a part of them as objects. what confirms them in this view is the peculiar circumstance that the use-value of objects is realised without exchange, by means of a direct relation between the objects and man, while, on the other hand, their value is realized only by exchange, that is, by means of a social process. who fails here to call to mind our good friend, dogberry, who informs neighbour seacoal, that, "to be a well-favoured man is the gift of fortune; but reading and writing comes by nature." part ii. the transformation of money into capital chapter iv. the general formula for capital the circulation of commodities is the starting-point of capital. the production of commodities, their circulation, and that more developed form of their circulation called commerce, these form the historical ground-work from which it rises. the modern history of capital dates from the creation in the 16th century of a world embracing commerce and a world-embracing market. if we abstract from the material substance of the circulation of commodities, that is, from the exchange of the various use-values, and consider only the economic forms produced by this process of circulation, we find its final result to be money: this final product of the circulation of commodities is the first form in which capital appears. as a matter of history, capital, as opposed to landed property invariably takes the form at first of money; it appears as moneyed wealth, as the capital of the merchant and of the usurer. but we have no need to refer to the origin of capital in order to discover that the first form of appearance of capital is money. we can see it daily under our very eyes. all new capital, to commence with, comes on the stage, that is, on the market, whether of commodities, labour, or money, even in our days, in the shape of money that by a definite process has to be transformed into capital. the first distinction we notice between money that is money only, and money that is capital, is nothing more than a difference in their form of circulation. the simplest form of the circulation of commodities is c-m-c, the transformation of commodities into money, and the change of the money back again into commodities; or selling in order to buy. but alongside of this form we find another specifically different form: m-c-m, the transformation of money into commodities, and the change of commodities back again into money; or buying in order to sell. money that circulates in the latter manner is thereby transformed into, becomes capital, and is already potentially capital. now let us examine the circuit m-c-m a little closer. it consists, like the other, of two antithetical phases. in the first phase, m-c, or the purchase, the money is changed into a commodity. in the second phase, c-m, o r the sale, the commodity is changed back again into money. the combination of these two phases constitutes the single movement whereby money is exchanged for a commodity, and the same commodity is again exchanged for money; whereby a commodity is bought in order to be sold, or, neglecting the distinction in form between buying and selling, whereby a commodity is bought with a commodity. the result, in which the phases of the process vanish, is the exchange of money for money, m-m. if i purchase 2,000 lbs. of cotton for £ 100, and resell the 2,000 lbs. of cotton for £ 110, i have, in fact, exchanged £ 100 for £ 110, money for money. now it is evident that the circuit m-c-m would be absurd and without meaning if the intention were to ' exchange by this means two equal sums of money, £ 100 for £ 100. the miser's plan would be far simpler and surer; he sticks to his £ 100 instead of exposing it to the dangers of circulation. and yet, whether the merchant who has paid £ 100 for his cotton sells it for £ 110, or lets it go for £ 100, or even £50, his money has, at all events, gone through a characteristic and original movement, quite different in kind from that which it goes through in the hands of the peasant who sells corn, and with the money thus set free buys clothes. we have therefore to examine first the distinguishing characteristics o f t h e forms of the circuits m-c-m and c-m-c, and in doing this the real difference that underlies the mere difference of form will reveal itself. let us see, in the first place, what the two forms have in common. both circuits are resolvable into the same two antithetical phases, c-m, a sale, and m-c, a purchase. in each of these phases the same material elements-a commodity, and money, and the same economic dramatis personal, a buyer and a seller-confront one another. each circuit is the unity of the same two antithetical phases, and in each case this unity is brought about by the intervention of three contracting parties, of whom one only sells, another only buys, while the third both buys and sells. what, however, first and foremost distinguishes the circuit c-m-c from the circuit m-c-m, is the inverted order of succession of the two phases. the simple circulation of commodities begins with a sale and ends with a purchase, while the circulation of money as capital begins with a purchase and ends with a sale. in the one case both the starting-point and the goal are commodities, in the other they are money. in the first form the movement is brought about by the intervention of money, in the second by that of a commodity. in the circulation c-m-c, the money is in the end converted into a commodity that serves as a use-value; it is spent once for all. in the inverted form, m-c-m, on the contrary, the buyer lays out money in order that, as a seller, he may recover money. by the purchase of his commodity he throws money into circulation, in order to withdraw it again by the sale of the same commodity. he lets the money go, but only with the sly intention of getting it back again. the money, therefore, is not s pent, it is merely advanced. in the circuit c-m-c, the same piece of money changes its place twice. the seller gets it from the buyer and pays it away to another seller. the complete circulation, which begins with the receipt, concludes with the payment, of money for commodities. it is the very contrary in the circuit m-c-m. here it is not the piece of money that changes its place twice, but the commodity. the buyer takes it from the hands of the seller and passes it into the hands of another buyer. just as in the simple circulation of commodities the double change of place of the same piece of money effects its passage from one hand into another, so here the double change of place of the same commodity brings about the reflux of the money to its point of departure. such reflux is not dependent on the commodity being sold for more than was paid for it. this circumstance influences only the amount of the money that comes back. the reflux itself takes place, so soon as the purchased commodity is resold, in other words, so soon as the circuit m-c-m is completed. we have here, therefore, a palpable difference between the circulation of money as capital, and its circulation as mere money. the circuit c-m-c comes completely to an end, as soon as the money brought in by the sale of one commodity is abstracted again by the purchase of another. if, nevertheless, there follows a reflux of money to its starting point, this can only happen through a renewal or repetition of the operation. if i sell a quarter of corn of £3, and with this £3 buy clothes, the money, so far as i am concerned, is spent and done with. it belongs to the clothes merchant. if i now sell a second quarter of corn, money indeed flows back to me, not however as a, sequel to the first transaction, but in consequence o f its repetition. the money again leaves me, as soon as i complete this second transaction by a fresh purchase. therefore, in the circuit c-m-c, the expenditure of money h a s nothing to do with its reflux. on the other hand, in m-c-m, the reflux of the money is conditioned by the very mode of its expenditure. without this reflux, the operation fails, or the process is interrupted and incomplete, owing to the absence of its complementary and final phase, the sale. the circuit c-m-c starts with one commodity, and finishes with another, which falls out of circulation and into consumption. consumption, this satisfaction of wants, in one word, use-value, is its end and aim. the circuit m-c-m, on the contrary, commences with money and ends with money. its leading motive, and the goal that attracts it, is therefore mere exchange-value. in the simple circulation of commodities, the two extremes of the cirr.uit have the same economic form. they are both commodities, and commodities of equal value. but they are also use-values differing in their qualities, as, for example, corn and clothes. the exchange of products, of the different materials in which the labour of society is embodied, forms here the basis of the movement. it is otherwise in the circulation m-c m, which at first sight appears purposeless, because tautological. both extremes have the same economic form. they are both money, and therefore are not qualitatively different use-values; for money is but the converted form of commodities, in which their particular use-values vanish. to exchange £ 100 for cotton, and then this same cotton again for £ 110, is merely a roundabout way of exchanging money for money, the same for the same, and appears to be an operation just as purposeless as it is absurd. one sum of money is distinguishable from another only by its amount. the character and tendency of the process m-c-m, is therefore not due to any qualitative difference between its extremes, both being money, but solely to their quantitative difference. more money is withdrawn from circulation at the finish than was thrown into it at the start. the cotton that was bought for £ 100 is perhaps resold for £ 100 + £ 10 or £ 110. the exact form of this process is therefore m-c-m, where m = m + 6m = the original sum advanced, plus an increment. this increment or excess over the original value i call "surplus-value." the value originally advanced, therefore, not only remains intact while in circulation, but adds to itself a surplus-value or expands itself. it is this movement that converts it into capital. of course, it is also possible, that in c-m-c, the two extremes c-c, say corn and clothes, may represent different quantities of value. the farmer may sell his corn above its value, or may buy the clothes at less than their value. he may, on the other hand, "be done" by the clothes merchant. yet, in the form of circulation now under consideration, such differences in value are purely accidental. the fact that the corn and the clothes are equivalents does not deprive the process of all meaning, as it does in m-c-m. the equivalence of their values is rather a necessary condition to its normal course. the repetition or renewal of the act of selling in order to buy is kept within bounds by the very object it aims at, namely, consumption o r the satisfaction of definite wants, an aim that lays altogether outside the sphere of circulation. but when we buy in order to sell, we, on the contrary, begin and end with the same thing, money, and exchange-value; and thereby the movement becomes interminable. no doubt, m becomes m+ ∆m, £ 100 become £ 110. but when viewed in their qualitative aspect alone, £ 110 are the same as £ 100, namely money; and considered quantitatively, £ 110 is, like £ 100, a sum of definite and limited value. if now, the £ 110 be spent as money, they cease to play their part. they are no longer capital. withdrawn from circulation, they become petrified into a + hoard, and though they remained in that state till doomsday, not a single farthing would accrue to them. if, then, the expansion of value is once aimed at, there is just the same inducement to augment the value of the £ 110 as that of the £ 1 00; for both are but limited expressions for exchange-value, and therefore both have the same vocation to approach, by quantitative •increase, as near as possible to absolute wealth . momentarily, indeed, the value originally advanced, the £ 100, is distinguishable from the surplus-value of £ 10 that is annexed to it during circulation; but the distinction vanishes immediately. at the end of the process, we do not receive with one hand the original £ 100, and with the other, the surplus-value of £ 10. we simply get a value of £ 110, which is in exactly the same condition and fitness for commencing the expanding process, as the original £ 1 00 was. money ends the movement only to begin it again. therefore, the final result of every separate circuit in which a purchase and consequent sale are completed, forms of itself the starting-point of a new circuit. the simple circulation of commodities- selling in order to buy-is a means of carrying out a purpose unconnected with circulation, namely, the appropriation of use values, the satisfaction of wants . the circulation of money as capital is, on the contrary, an end in itself, for the expansion of value takes place only within this constantly renewed movement. the circulation of capital has therefore no limits. as the conscious representative of this movement, the possessor of money becomes a capitalist. his person, or rather his pocket, is the point from which the money starts and to which it returns. the expansion of value, which is the objective basis or main-spring of the circulation m-c-m, becomes his subjective aim, and it is only in so far as the appropriation of ever more and more wealth in the abstract becomes the sole motive of his operations, that he functions as a capitalist, that is, as capital personified and endowed with consciousness and a will. use-values must therefore never be looked upon as the real aim of the capitalist; neither must the profit on any single transaction. the restless never-ending process of profit-making alone is what he aims at. this boundless greed after riches, this passionate chase after exchange-value, is common to the capitalist and the miser; but while the miser is merely a capitalist gone mad, the capitalist is a rational miser. the never-ending augmentation of exchange-value, which the miser strives after, by seeking to save his money from circulation, is attained by the more acute capitalist, by constantly throwing it afresh into circulation. the independent form, i.e., the money-form, which the value of commodities assumes in the case of simple circulation, serves only one purpose, namely, their exchange, and vanishes in the final result of the movement. on the other hand, in the circulation m-c-m, both the money and the commodity represent only different modes of existence of value itself, the money its general mode, and the commodity it’s particular, or, so to say, disguised mode. it is constantly changing from one form to the other without thereby becoming lost, and thus assumes an automatically active character. if now we take in turn each of the two different forms which self-expanding value successively assumes in the course of its life, we then arrive a t these two propositions: capital is money: capital is commodities. in truth, however, value is here the active factor in a process, in which, while constantly assuming the form in turn of money and commodities, it at the same time changes in magnitude, differentiates itself by throwing off surplus-value from itself; the original value, in other words, expands spontaneously. for the movement, in the course of which it adds surplus-value is its own movement, its expansion, therefore, is automatic expansion. because it is value, it has acquired the occult quality of being able to add value to it. it brings forth living offspring, or, at the least, lays golden eggs. value, therefore, being the active factor in such a process, and assuming at one time the form o f money, at another that of commodities, but through all these changes preserving itself and expanding, it requires some independent form, by means of which its identity may at any time be established. and this form it possesses only in the shape of money. it is under the form of money that value begins and ends, and begins again, every act of its own spontaneous generation. it began by being £ 100 it is now £ 110, and so on. but the money itself is only one of the two forms of value. unless it takes the form of some commodity, it does not become capital. there is here no antagonism, as in the case of hoarding, between the money and commodities. the capitalist knows that all commodities, however scurvy they may look, or however badly they may smell, are in faith and in truth money, inwardly circumcised jews, and what is more, a wonderful means whereby out o f money to make more money. in simple circulation, c-m-c, the value of commodities attained at the most a form independent of their use-values, i.e., the form of money; but that same value now in the circulation m-c-m, or the circulation of capital, suddenly presents itself as an independent substance, endowed with a motion of its own, passing through a life-process of its own, in which money and commodities are mere forms which it assumes and casts off in turn. nay, more: instead of simply representing the relations of commodities, it enters now, so to say, into private relations with itself. it differentiates itself as original value from itself as surplus-value; as the father differentiates himself from himself qua the son, yet both are one and of one age: for only by the surplus-value of £ 10 does the £ 100 originally advanced become capital, and so soon as this takes place, so soon as the son, and by the son, the father, is begotten, so soon does their difference vanish, and they again become one, £ 110. value therefore now becomes value in process, money in process; and, as such, capital. it comes out of circulation, enters into it again, preserves and multiplies itself within its circuit, comes back out of it with expanded bulk, and begins the same round ever afresh m-m, money which begets money, such is the description of capital from the mouths of its first interpreters, the mercantilists. buying in order to sell, or, more accurately, buying in order to sell dearer, m-c-m', appears certainly to be a form peculiar to one kind of capital alone, namely merchants' capital. but industrial capital too is money that is changed into commodities and by the sale of these commodities is re-converted into more money. the events that take place outside the sphere of circulation, in the interval between the buying and selling, do not affect the form of this movement. lastly, in the case of interest-bearing capital, the circulation m-c-m' appears abridged. we have its result without the intermediate stage, in the form m-m', "en style lapidaire" so to say, money that is worth more money, value that is greater than itself. m-c-m' is therefore in reality the general formula of capital as it appears prima facie within the sphere of circulation. * * * chapter vi. the buying and selling of labour-power the change of value that occurs in the case of money intended to be converted into capital, cannot take place in the money itself, since in its function of means of purchase and of payment, it does no more than realize the price of the commodity it buys or pays for; and, as hard cash, it is value petrified, never varying. just as little can it originate in the second act of circulation, the re-sale of the commodity, which does no more than transform the article from its bodily form back again into its money-form . the change must, therefore, take p lace in the commodity bought by the first act, m-c, but not in its value, for equivalents are exchanged, and the commodity is p aid for at its full value. we are, therefore, forced to the conclusion that the change originates in the use-value, as such, of the commodity, i.e., in its consumption. in order to be able to extract value from the consumption of a commodity, our friend, moneybags, must be so lucky as to find, within the sphere of circulation, in the market, a commodity, whose use-value possesses the peculiar property of being a source of value, whose actual consumption, therefore, is itself an embodiment of labour, and consequently, a creation of value. the possessor of money does .find on the market such a special commodity in capacity for labour or labour-power. by labour-power or capacity for labour is to be understood the aggregate of those mental and physical capabilities existing in a human being, which he exercises whenever he produces a use-value of any description. but in order that our owner of money may be able to find labour-power offered for sale as a commodity, various conditions must first be fulfilled. the exchange of commodities of itself implies no other relations of dependence than those which result from its own nature. on this assumption, labour-power can appear upon the market as a commodity, only if, and so far as, its possessor, the individual whose labour-power it is, offers it for sale, or sells it, as a commodity. in order that he may be able to do this, he must have it at his disposal, must be the untrammeled owner of his capacity for labour, i.e., of his person. he and the owner of money meet in the market, and deal with each other as on the basis of equal rights, with this difference alone, that one is buyer, the other seller; both, therefore, equal in the eyes of the law. the continuance of this relation demands that the owner of the labour-power should sell it only for a definite period, for it he were to sell it rump and stump, once for all, he would be selling himself, converting himself from a free man into a slave, from an owner of a commodity into a commodity. he must constantly look upon his labour-power as his own property, his own commodity, and this he can only do by placing it at the disposal of the buyer temporarily, for a definite period of time. by this means alone can he avoid renouncing his rights of ownership over it? the second essential condition to the owner of money finding labour-power in the market as a commodity is this-that the labourer instead of being in the position to sell commodities in which his labour is incorporated, must be obliged to offer for sale as a commodity that very labour-power, which exists only in h is living self. in order that a man may be able to sell commodities other than labour-power, he must of course have the means of production, as raw material, implements, &c. no boots can be made without leather. he requires also the means of subsistence. nobody-not even "a musician of the future" -can live upon future products, or upon use-values in an unfinished state; and ever since the first moment of his appearance on the world's stage, man always has been, and must still be a consumer, both before and while he is producing. in a society where all products assume the form of commodities, these commodities must be sold after they have been produced it is only after their sale that they can serve in satisfying the requirements of their producer. the time necessary for their sale is superadded to that necessary for their production. for the conversion of his money into capital, therefore, the owner of money must meet in the market with the free labourer, free in the double sense, that as a free man he can dispose of his labour-power as his own commodity, and that on the other hand he has no other commodity for sale, is short of everything necessary for the realisation of his labour-power. the question why this free labourer confronts him in the market has no interest for the owner of money, who regards the labour-market as a branch of the general market for commodities. and for the present it interests us just as little. we cling to the fact theoretically, as he does practically. one thing, however, is clear-nature does not produce on the one side owners of money or commodities, and on the other men possessing nothing but their own labour-power. this relation has no natural basis, neither is its social basis one that is common to all historical periods. it is clearly the result of a past historical development, the product of many economic revolutions, of the extinction of a whole series of older forms of social production. so, too, the economic categories, already discussed by us, bear the stamp of history. definite historical conditions are necessary that a product may become a commodity. it must not be produced as the immediate means of subsistence of the producer himself. had we gone further, and inquired under what circumstances all or even the majority of products take the form of commodities, we should have found that this can only happen with production of a very specific kind, capitalist production. such an inquiry, however, would have been foreign to the analysis of commodities. production and circulation of commodities can take place, although the great mass of the objects produced are intended for the immediate requirements of their producers, a re not turned into commodities, and consequently social production is not yet by a long way dominated in its length and breadth by exchange-value. the appearance of products as commodities pre-supposes such a development of the social division of labour, that the separation of use-value from exchange value, a separation which first begins with barter, must already have been completed. but such a degree of development is common to many forms of society, which in other respects p resent the most varying historical features. on the other hand, if we consider money, its existence implies a definite stage in the exchange of commodities. the particular functions of money which it performs, either as the mere equivalent of commodities, or as means of circulation , or means of payment, as hoard or as universal money, point, according to the extent and relative preponderance of the one function or the other, to very different stages in the process of social production . yet we know by experience that a circulation of commodities relatively primitive suffices for the production of all these forms. otherwise with capital, the historical conditions of its existence are by no means given with the mere circulation of money and commodities. it can spring into life, only when the owner of the means of production and subsistence meets in the market with the free labourer selling h is labour-power. and this one historical condition comprises a world's history. capital, therefore, announces from its first appearance a new epoch in the process of social production. we must now examine more closely this peculiar commodity, labour-power. like all others it has a value. how is that value determined? the value of labour-power is determined, as in the case of every other commodity, by the labour-time necessary for the production, and consequently also the reproduction, of this special article. so far as it has value, it represents no more than a definite quantity of the average labour of society incorporated in it. labour-power exists only as a capacity, or power of the living individual. its production consequently pre-supposes his existence. given the individual, the production of labour-power consists in his reproduction of himself or his maintenance. for his maintenance h e requires a given quantity of the means of subsistence. therefore the labour-time requisite for the production of labour-power reduces itself to that necessary for the production of those means of subsistence; in other words, the value of labour-power is the value of the means of subsistence necessary for the maintenance of the labourer. labour power, however, becomes a reality only by its exercise; it sets itself in action only by working. but thereby a definite quantity of human muscle, nerve, brain, &c., is wasted, and these require to be restored. this increased expenditure demands a larger income. if the owner of labour-power works to-day, to-morrow he must again be able to repeat the same process in the same conditions as regards health and strength . his means of subsistence must therefore be sufficient to maintain him in his normal state as a labouring individual. his natural wants, such as food, clothing, fuel, and housing, vary according to the climatic and other physical conditions of his country. on the other hand, the number and extent of his so-called necessary wants, as also the modes of satisfying them, are themselves the product of historical development, and depend therefore to a great extent on the degree of civilization of a country, more particularly on the conditions under which, and consequently on the habits and degree of comfort in which, the class of free labourers has been formed. in contradistinction therefore to the case of other commodities, there enters into the determination of the value of labour-power a historical and moral element. nevertheless, in a given country, at a given period, the average quantity of the means of subsistence necessary for the labourer is practically known. the owner of labour-power is mortal. if then his appearance in the market is to be continuous, and the continuous conversion of money into capital assumes this, the seller of labour-power must pepetuate himself, "in the way that every living individual perpetuates himself, by procreation." the labour-power withdrawn from the market by wear and tear and death, must be continually replaced by, at the very least, an equal amount of fresh labour-power. hence the sum of the means of subsistence necessary for the production of labour-power must include the means necessary for the labourer's substitutes, i. e., his children, in order that this race of peculiar commodity-owners may perpetuate its appearance in the market. in order to modify the human organism, so that it may acquire skill and handiness in a given branch of industry, and become labour-power of a special kind, a special education or training is requisite, and this, on its part, costs an equivalent in commodities of a greater or less amount. this amount varies according to the more or less complicated character of the labour-power. the expenses of this education (excessively small in the case of ordinary labour-power), enter pro tanto into the total value spent in its production. the value of labour-power resolves itself into the value of a definite quantity of the means of subsistence. it therefore varies with the value of these means or with the quantity of labour requisite for their production. we now know how the value paid by the purchaser to the possessor of the peculiar commodity, labour-power, is determined. the use-value which the former gets in exchange manifests itself only in the actual usufruct, in the consumption of the labour-power. the money-owner buys everything necessary for this purpose, such as raw material, in the market, and pays for i t at its full value. the consumption of labour-power is at one and the same time the production of commodities and of surplus-value. the consumption of labour-power is completed, as in the case of every other commodity, outside the limits of the market or of the sphere of circulation. accompanied by mr. :moneybags and by the possessor of labour-power, we therefore take leave for a time of this noisy sphere, where everything takes place on the surface and in view of all men, and follow them both into the hidden abode of production, on whose threshold there stares us in the face "no admittance except on business." here we shall see not only how capital produces, but how capital is produced. we shall at last force the secret of profit making. this sphere that we are deserting, within whose boundaries the sale and purchase of labour-power goes on is in fact a very eden of the innate rights of man. there alone rule freedom, equality, property and bentham. freedom because both buyer and seller of a commodity say of labour-power are constrained only by their own free will, they contract as free agents, and the agreement they come to, is but the form in which they give legal expression to their common will. equality because each enters into relation with the other, as with a simple owner of commodities and they exchange equivalent for equivalent; property, because each disposes only of what is his own. and bentham, because each looks only to himself, the only force that brings them together and puts them in relation with each other, is the selfishness, the gain and the private interests of each. each looks to himself only, and no one troubles himself about the rest, and just because they do so, do they all, in accordance with the pre-established harmony of things, or under the auspices of an all-shrewd providence, work together to their mutual advantage, for the common weal and in the interest of all. on leaving this sphere of simple circulation or of exchange of commodities, which furnishes the "free-trader vulgaris" with his views and ideas, and with the standard by which he judges a society based on capital and wages, we think we can perceive a change in the physiognomy of our dramatis personal. he, who before was the money-owner, now strides in front as capitalist the possessor of labour-power follows as his labourer. the one with an air of importance, smirking, intent on business; the other, timid and holding back, like one who is bringing his own hide to market and has nothing to expect but-a hiding. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- notes : 1. i am inserting the parenthesis because its omission has often given rise to the misunderstanding that every product that is consumed by some one other than its producer is considered in marx a commodity. 2. compo. hegel, m"philosophie des rechts." berlin, 1 840. p. 250, § 190. 3. the reader must note that we are not speaking here of the wages or value that the labourer gets f or a given labour-time, but of the value of the commodity in which that labour-time is materialised. wages is a category that, as yet, has no existence at the present stage of our investigation. 4. the celebrated franklin, one of the first economists, after wm. petty, who saw through the nature of value, says: "trade in general being nothing else but the exchange of labour for labour, the value of all things is . . . most justly measured by labour." ("the works of b. franklin, &c.," edited by sparks. boston, 1836, vol. ii., p. 267.) franklin is unconscious that by estimating the value of everything in labour, he makes abstraction from any difference in the sorts of labour exchanged, and thus reduced them all too equal human labour. but although ignorant of this, yet he says it. he speaks first of "the one labour," then of• "the other labour," and finally of "labour," without further qualification as the substance of the value of everything. 5. in a sort of way, it is with man as with commodities. since he comes into the world neither with a looking glass in his hand, nor as a fichtian philosopher, to whom "i am i” is sufficient, man first sees and recognizes himself in other men. peter only establishes his own identity as a man by first comparing himself with paul as being of like kind. and thereby paul, just as he stands in his pauline personality. becomes to peter the type of the genus homo. 6. value is here, as occasionally in the preceding pages, used in sense of value determined as to quantity, or of value. 7. among the ancient germans the unit for measuring land was what could be harvested in a day, and was called tagwerk, tagwanne (jurnale, or terra jurnalis, or diornalis), mannsmaad. &c. (see g. l. von maurer. "einleitung zur geschichte der mark-, &c. verfassung," munchen, 1854, p. 129 sq) 8. "what are we to think of a law that asserts itself only by periodical revolutions? it is just nothing but a law of nature founded on the want of knowledge of those whose action is the subject of it." (friedrich engels: "umrisse zu einer kritik de nationalokon-omie," in the "deutsch-franziisische jahrbiicher," edited by arnold ruge and karl marx. paris, 1844.) 9. "capital is divisible . . . into the original capital and the profit, the increment to the capital . . . although in practice this profit is immediately turned into capital, and set in motion with the original." (f. engels, " umrisse zu einer kritik der nationalokonomie, in the "deutsch-franzosische jahrbiich er," edited by arnold ruge and karl marx." paris, 1844, p. 99.) 1. aristotle opposes oeconomic to chrematistic. he starts from the former. so far as it is the art of gaining a livelihood, it is limited to procuring those articles that are necessary to existence and useful either to a household or the state. "true wealth consists of such values in use; for the quantity of possessions of this kind, capable of making life pleasant, is not unlimited. there is, however, a second mode of acquiring things, to which we may by preference and with correctness give the name of chrematistic, and in this case there appear to be n o limits to riches and possessions. trade (literally retail trade, and aristotle takes this kind because in it values in use predominate) does not in its nature belong to chrematistic, for here the exchange has reference only t o what i s necessary to themselves (the buyer or seller}." therefore, as he goes on to show, the original form of trade was barter, but with the extension of the latter, there arose the necessity for money. on the discovery of money, barter of necessity developed into trading in commodities, and this again, in opposition to its original tendency, grew into chrematistic, into the art of making money. now chrematistic is distinguishable from oeconomic in this way that in the case of chrematistic circulation is the source of riches. and it appears to revolve about money, for money is the beginning and end of this kind of exchange. therefore also riches, such as chrematistic strives for, are unlimited. just as every art that is not a means to an end, but an end in itself, has no limit to its aims, because it seeks constantly to approach nearer and nearer to that end, while those arts that pursue means to an end, are not boundless, since the goal itself imposes a limit upon them, so with chrematistic, there are no bounds to its aims, these aims being absolute wealth. oeconomic not chrematistic has a limit . . . the object of the former is something different from money, of the latter the augmentation of money. . . . by confounding these two forms, which overlap each other, some people have been led to look upon the preservation and increase of money ad infinitum as the end and aim of oecono mic." (aristoteles, "derep." edit. bekker. lib. i.c. 8, 9. passim.) 2. in encyclopaedias of classical antiquities we find such nonsense as this that in the ancient world capital was fully developed, "except that the free labourer and a system of credit were wanting." mommsen also, in his "history of rome," commits, in this respect, one blunder after another. 3. hence legislation in various countries fixes a maximum for labour-contracts. wherever free labour is the rule, the laws regulate the mode of terminating this contract. in some states, particularly in mexico (before the american civil war, also in the territories taken from mexico, and also, as a matter of fact, in the danubian provinces till the revolution effected by kusa), slavery is hidden under the form of peonage. by means of advances, repayable in labour, which are handed down from generation to generation, not only the individual labourer, but his family, become, de jacto, the property of other persons and their families. juarez abolished peonage. the so-called emperor maximilian re-established it by a decree, which, in the house of representatives at washington, was aptly denounced as a decree for the re-introduction of slavery into mexico. "i may make over to another the use, for a limited time, of my particular bodily and mental aptitudes and capabilities; because in consequence of this restriction, they are impressed with a character of alienation with regard to me as a whole. but by the alienation of all my labour-time and the whole of my work, i should be converting the substance itself, in other words, my general activity and reality, my person, into the property of another." (hegel, philosophie des rechts, berlin, 1840, p. 104, § 67.) 4. the capitalist epoch is therefore characterised by this, that labour power takes in the eyes o f the labourer himself the form of a commodity which is his property; his labour consequently becomes wage-labour. on the other hand, it is only from this moment that the produce of labour universally becomes a commodity. 5. "the value or worth of a man, is as of all other things his price-that is to say, so much as would b e given for the use of his power." (thomas. hobbes, leviathan, in works, ed. molesworth, london, 1 8 3 9-44, vol. iii, p. 7 6 . ) [marx} 6. hence the roman villicus, as overlooker of the agricultural slaves, received "more meagre fare than working slaves, because his work was lighter." (theodor mommsen, riimisches geschichte, 1856, p. 810.) 7. compare w. t. thornton, over population and its remedy, london, 1846. 8. petty. 9. "its 1. rossi, cours d'econ. polit., bru-,xelles, 1842, p. 370. 2. sismondi, nouv. prine. etc., vol. i, p. 112. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- part iii. the production of absolute surplus-value chapter vi i. the labour process and the process of producing surplus section 1. the labour-process or the production of use-values the capitalist buys labour-power in order to use it; and labourpower in use is labour itself. the purchaser of labour-power consumes it by setting the seller of it to work. by working, the latter becomes actually, what before he only was potentially, labour-power in action, a labourer. in order that his labour may re-appear in a commodity, he must, before all things, expend it on something useful, on something capable of satisfying a want of some sort. hence, what the capitalist sets the labourer to produce is a particular use-value, a specified article. the fact that the production of use-values or goods, is carried on under the control o f a capitalist and on his behalf, does not alter the general character of that production. we shall, therefore, in the first place, have to consider the labour-process independently of the particular form it assumes under given social conditions. labour is, in the first place, a process in which both man and nature participate, and in which man of his own accord starts, regulates, and controls the material re-actions between himself and nature. he opposes himself to nature as one of her own forces, setting in motion arms and legs, head and hands, the natural forces of his body, in order to appropriate nature's productions in a form adapted to his own wants by thus acting on the external world and changing it, he at the same time changes his own nature/ he develops his slumbering powers and compels them to act in obedience to his sway. we are not now dealing with those primitive instinctive forms of labour that remind us of the mere animal. an immeasurable interval of time separates the state of things in which a man brings his labour-power to market for sale as a commodity, from that state in which human labour was still in its first instinctive stage. we pre-suppose labour in a form that stamps it as exclusively human. a spider conducts operations that resemble those of a weaver, and a bee puts to shame many an architect in the construction of her cells. but what distinguishes the worst architect from the best of bees is this, that the architect raises his structure in imagination before he erects it in reality. at the end of every labour- process, we get it result that already existed in the imagination of the labourer at its commencement. he not only effects a change of form in the material on which he works, but he also realises a purpose of his own that gives the law to his modus operandi, and to which he must subordinate his will . and this subordination is no mere momentary act. besides the exertion of the bodily organs, the process demands that, during the whole operation, the workman's will be steadily in consonance with his purpose. this means close attention. the less he is attracted by the nature of the work, and the mode in which •it is carried on, and the less, therefore, he enjoys it as something which gives play to his bodily and mental powers, the more close his attention is forced to be. the elementary factors of the labour-process are ( 1 ) , the personal activity of man, i.e., work itself, ( 2 ) , the subject of that work, and ( 3 ) , its instruments. the soil ( and this, economically speaking, includes water) in the virgin state in which it supplies man with necessaries or the means of subsistence ready to hand, exists independently of him, and is the universal subject of human labour. all those things which labour merely separates from immediate connexion with their environment are subjects of labour spontaneously provided by nature. such are fish which we catch and take from their element, water, timber which we fell in the virgin forest and ores which we extract from their veins. i f, on the other hand, the subject of labour has, so to say, been filtered through previous labour, we call it raw material; such is ore already extracted and ready for washing. all raw materials are the subject of labour, but not every subject of labour is raw material: it can only become so, after it has undergone some alteration by means of labour. an instrument of labour is a thing, or a complex of .things, which the labourer interposes between himself and the subject of his labour, and which serves as the conductor of his activity. he makes use of the mechanical, physical, and chemical properties of some substances in order to make other substances subservient to his aims. leaving out of consideration such ready-made means of subsistence a s fruits, in gathering which a man's own limbs serve as the instruments of his labour, the first thing of which the labourer possesses himself is not the subject of labour but its instrument. thus nature becomes one of the organs of his activity, one that he annexes to his own bodily organs, adding stature to himself in spit of the bible, as the earth is his original larder, so too it is his original tool house. it supplies him, for instance, with stones for throwing, grinding, pressing, cutting, &c. the earth itself is an instrument of labour, but when used as such in agriculture implies a whole series of other instruments and a comparatively high development of labour. no sooner does labour undergo the least development, than it requires specially prepared instruments. thus in the oldest caves we find stone implements and weapons. in the earliest period of human history domesticated animals, i.e., animals which have been bred for the purpose, and have undergone modifications by means of labour, play the chief part as instruments of labour along with specially prepared stones, wood, bones, and shells. the use and fabrication of instruments of labour, although existing in the germ among certain species of animals, is specifically characteristic of the human labour-process, and franklin therefore defines man as a tool-making animal. relics of bygone instruments of labour possess the same importance for the investigation of extinct economic forms of society, as do fossil bones for the determination of extinct species of animal s. it is not the articles made, but how they are made, and by what instruments, that enables us to distinguish different economic epochs. instruments of labour not only supply a standard of the degree of development to which human labour has attained, but they are also indicators of the social conditions under which that labour is carried on . among the instruments of labour, those of a mechanical nature, which, taken as a whole, we may call the bone and muscles of production, offer much more decided characteristics of a given epoch of production, than those which, like pipes, tubs, baskets, jars, &c., serve only to hold the materials for labour, which latter class, we may in a general way, call the vascular system of production. the latter first begins to play an important part in the chemical industries. in a wider sense we m a y include among the instruments of labour, in addition to those things that are used for directly transferring labour to its subject, and which therefore, in one way or another, serve as conductors of activity, all such objects as are necessary for carrying on the labour-process. these do not enter directly into the process, but without them it is either impossible for it to take place at all, or possible only to a partial extent. once more we find the earth to be a universal instrument of this sort, for it furnishes a locus stand to the labourer and a field of employment for his activity. among instruments that are the result of previous labour and also belong to this class, we find workshops, canals, roads, and so forth. in the labour-process, therefore, man's activity, with the help of the instruments of labour, effects an alteration, designed from the commencement, in the material worked upon. the process disappears in the product; the latter is a use-value, nature's material; adapted by a change of form to the wants of man. labour has incorporated itself with its subject: the former is materialised, the latter transformed. that which in the labourer appeared as movement, now appears in the product as a fixed quality without motion. the blacksmith forges and the product is a forging. if we examine the whole process from the point of view o f its result, the product, it is plain that both the instruments and the subject of labour, are means of production, and that the labour itself is productive labour. though a use-value, in the form of a product, issues from the labour-process, yet other use-values, products of previous labour, enter into it as means of production. the same use-value is both the product of a previous process and a means of production in a later process. products are therefore not only results, but also essential conditions of labour. with the exception of the extractive industries, in which the material for labour is provided immediately by nature, such as mining, hunting, fishing, and agriculture (so far as the latter is con- , fined to breaking up virgin soil), all branches of industry manipulate raw material, objects already filtered through labour, already products of labour. such is seed in agriculture. animals and plants, which we are accustomed to consider as products of nature, are in their present form, not only products of, say last year's labour, but the result of a gradual transformation, continued through many generations, under man's superintendence, and by means of his labour, but in the great majority of cases, instruments of labour show even to the most superficial observer, traces of the labour of past ages. raw material may either form the principal substance of a product, or it may enter into its formation only as an accessory. an accessory may be consumed by the instruments of labour, as coal under a boiler, oil by a wheel, hay by draft-horses, or it may be mixed with the raw material in order to produce some modification thereof, as chlorine into unbleached linen, coal with iron, dye-stuff with wool, or again, it may help to carry on the work itself, as in the case of the materials used for heating and lighting workshops. the distinction between principal substance and accessory vanishes in the true chemical industries, because there none of the r a w material re-appears, in its original composition, in the substance of the product. every object possesses various properties, and is thus capable of being applied to different uses. one and the same product may therefore serve as raw material in very different processes. corn, for example, is a raw material for millers, starch-manufacturers, distillers, and cattle-breeders. it also enters as raw material into its own production in the shape of seed; coal, too, is at the same time the product of, and a means of production in, coal-mining. again, a particular product may be used in one and the same process, both as an instrument of labour and as raw material. take, for instance, the fattening of cattle, where the animal is the raw material and a t the same time an instrument for the production of manure. a product, though ready for immediate consumption, may yet serve as raw material for a further product, as grapes when they become the raw material for wine. on the other hand, labour may give us its product in such a form, that we can use it only as raw material, as is the case with cotton, thread, and yarn such a raw material, though itself a product, may have to go through a whole series of different processes: in each of these in turn, it serves, with constantly varying form, as raw material, until the last process of the series leaves it a perfect product, ready for individual consumption, or for use as an instrument of labour. hence we see, that whether a use-value is to be regarded as raw material, as instrument of labour, or as product, this is determined entirely by its function in the labour-process, by the position it there occupies: as this varies, so does its character. whenever therefore a product enters as a means o f production into a new labour-process, it thereby loses its character of product, and becomes a mere factor in the process. a spinner treats spindles only as implements for spinning, and flax only as the material that he spins. of course it is impossible to spin without material and spindles; and therefore the existence of these things as products, at the commencement of the spinning operation, must be presumed: but in the process itself, the fact that they are products of previous labour, is a matter of utter indifference; just as in the digestive process, it is of n o importance whatever, that bread is the produce of the previous labour of the farmer, the miller, and the baker. on the contrary, it is generally by their imperfections as products, that the means of production in any process assert themselves in their character of products. a blunt knife or weak thread forcibly reminds us of mr. a., the cutler, or mr. b., the spinner. in the finished product the labour by means o f which it has acquired its useful qualities is not palpable, has apparently vanished. a machine which does not serve the purposes of labour is useless. in addition, it falls a prey to the distractive influence of natural forces. iron rusts and wood rots. yarn with which we neither weave nor knit, is cotton wasted. living labour must seize upon these things and rouse them from their death-sleep, change them from mere possible use-values into real and effective ones. bathed in the fire of labour, appropriated as part and parcel of labour's organism, and, as it were, made alive for the performance of their functions in the process, they are in truth consumed, but consumed with a purpose, as elementary constituents of new use-values, of new products, ever ready as means of subsistence for individual consumption, or as means of production for some new labour-process. if then, on the one hand, finished products are not only results, but also necessary conditions, of the labour-process, on the other hand, their assumption into that process, their contact with living labour, is the sale means by which they can be made to retain their character of use-values, and be utilized. labour uses up its material factors, its subject and its instruments, consumes them, and is therefore a process of consumption. such productive consumption is distinguished from individual consumption by this, that the latter uses up products, as means of subsistence for the living individual; the former, as means whereby alone, labour, the labour-power of the living individual, is enabled to act. the product, therefore, of individual consumption, is the consumer himself; the result of productive consumption is a product distinct from the consumer. in so far then, as its instruments and subjects are themselves products, labour consumes products in order to create products, or in other words, consumes one set of products by turning them into means of production for another set. but, just as in the beginning, the only participators in the labour-process were man and the earth, which latter exists 'independently of man, so even now we still employ in the process many means of production, provided directly by nature, that do not represent any combination of natural substances with human labour. the labour-process, resolved as above into its simple elementary factors, is human action with a view to the production of use-values, appropriation of natural substances to human requirements; it is the necessary condition for effecting exchange of matter between man and nature; it is the everlasting nature-imposed condition of human existence, and therefore is independent of every social phase of that existence, or rather, is common to every such phase. it was, therefore, not necessary to represent our labourer in connexion with other labourers; man and his labour on one side, nature and its materials on the other, sufficed . as the taste of the porridge does not tell you who grew the oats, no m ore does this simple process tell you of itself what are the social conditions under which it is taking place, whether under the slave-owner's brutal lash, or the anxious eye of the capitalist, whether cincinnatus carries it on in tilling his modest farm or a savage in killing wild animals with stones. let us now return to our would-be capitalist. we left him just after he had purchased, in the open market, all the necessary factors of the labour-process; its objective factor, the means of production, as well as its subjective factor, labour-power. with the keen eye of an expert, he has selected the means of production and the kind of labour-power best adapted to his particular trade, be it spinning, bootmaking, or any other kind. he then proceeds to consume the commodity, the labour-power that he has just bought, by causing the labourer, the impersonation of that labour-power, to consume the means of production by his labour. the general character of the labour-process is evidently not changed by the fact that the labourer works for the capitalist instead of for himself; moreover, the particular methods and operations employed in boot making or spinning are not immediately changed by the intervention of the capitalist. he must begin by taking the labour-power as he finds it in the market, and consequently be satisfied with labour of such a kind as would be found in the period immediately preceding the rise of capitalists. changes in the methods of production by the subordination of labour to capital, can take place only at a later period, and therefore will have to be treated of in a later chapter. the labour-process, turned into the process by which the capitalist consumes labo ur-power, exhibits two characteristic phenomena. first, the labourer works under the control of the capitalist to whom his labour belongs; the capitalist taking good care that the work is done in a proper manner, and that the means of production a re used with intelligence, so that there is no unnecessary waste of raw material, and no wear and tear of the implements beyond what is necessarily caused by the work. secondly, the product is the property of the capitalist and not that of the labourer, its immediate producer. suppose that a capitalist pays for a day's labour-power at its value; then the right to use that power for a day belongs to him, just as much a s the right to use any other commodity, such as a horse that he has hired for the day. to the purchaser of a commodity belongs its use, and the seller of labour-power, by giving his labour, does no more, in reality, than part with the use-value that he has sold. from the instant he steps into the workshop, the use-value of his labour-power, and therefore also its use, which is labour, belongs to the capitalist. by the purchase of labour-power, the capitalist incorporates labour, as a living ferment, with t h e lifeless constituents of the product. from his point of view, the labour-process is nothing more than the consumption of the commodity purchased, i. e., of lab our-power; but this consumption cannot be effected except by supplying the labour-power with the means of production. the labour-process is a process between things that the capitalist has purchased, things that have become his property. the product of this process belongs, therefore, to him, just as much as does the wine which is the product of a process of fermentation completed in his cellar. section 2. the production of surplus-value the product appropriated by the capitalist is a use-value, as yarn, for example, or boots. but, although boots are, in one sense, the basis of all social progress, and our capitalist is a decided "progressist," yet he does not manufacture boots for their own sake. use value is, by no means, the thing "qu'on aime pour lui-meme" in the production of commodities. use-values are only produced by capitalists, because, and in so far as, they are the material substratum, the depositories of exchange-value. our capitalist has two objects in view: in the first place, he wants to produce a use-value. that has a value in exchange, that is to say, an article destined to be sold, a commodity; and secondly, he desires to produce a commodity whose value shall be greater than the sum of the values of the commodities used in its production, that is, of the means of production and the labour-power, that he purchased with his good money in the open market. his aim is to produce not only a usevalue, but a commodity also; not only use-value, but value; not only value, but a t the same time surplus-value. it must be borne in mind that we are now dealing with the production of commodities, and that, up to this point we have only considered one aspect of the process. just as commodities are at the same time, use-values and values, so the process of producing them must be a labour process, and at the same time, a process of creating value. let us now examine production as a creation of value. we know that the value of each commodity is determined by the quantity of labour expended on and materialised in it, by the working-time necessary, under given social conditions, for its production. this rule also holds good in the case o f the product that accrued to our capitalist, as the result of the labour-process carried on for him. assuming this product to be 10 lbs. of yarn, our first step is to calculate the quantity of labour realised in it. for spinning the yarn, raw material is required; suppose in this case 10 lbs. of cotton. we have no need at present to investigate the value of this cotton, for our capitalist has, we will assume, bought it at its full value, say of ten shillings. in this price the labour required for the production of the cotton is already expressed in terms of the average labour of society. we will further assume that the wear and tear of the spindle, which, for our present purpose, may represent all other instruments of labour employed, amounts to the value of 2 s. if, then, twenty-four hours labour, or two working-days are required to produce the quantity of gold represented by twelve shillings, we have here, to begin with, two days labour already incorporated in the yarn . we must not let ourselves be misled by the circumstance that the cotton has taken a new shape while the substance of the spindle has to a certain extent been used up. b y the general law of value, if the value of 40 lbs. of yarn = the value of 40 lbs. of cotton + the value of a whole spindle, i. e., if the same working-time is required to produce the commodities on either side of this equation, then 10 lbs. of yarn a re a n equivalent for 10 lbs. of cotton, together with one-fourth of a spindle. in the case we are considering the same working-time is materialised in the 10 lbs. of yarn on the one hand, and in the 10 lbs. of cotton and the fraction of a spindle on the other. therefore, whether value appears in cotton, in a spindle, or in yarn, makes no difference in the amount of that value. the spindle and cotton, instead of resting quietly side by side, join together in the process, their forms are altered, and they are turned into yarn; but their value is no more affected by this fact than it would be if they had been simply exchanged for their equivalent in yarn. the labour required for the production of the cotton, the raw material of the yarn, is part of the labour necessary to produce the yarn, and is therefore contained in the yarn. the same applies to the labour embodied in the spindle, without whose wear and tear the cotton could not be spun. hence, in determining the value of the yarn, or the labour-time required for its production, all the special processes carried on at various times and in different places, which were necessary, first to produce the cotton and the wasted portion of the spindle, and then with the cotton and spindle to spin the yarn, may together be looked on as different and successive phases of one and the same process. the whole of the labour in the yarn is past labour; and it is a matter of no importance that the operations necessary for the production of its constituent elements were carried on at times which, referred to the present, are more remote than the final operation of spinning. if a definite quantity of labour, say thirty days is requisite to build a house, the total amount of labour incorporated in it is not altered by the fact that the work of the last day is done twenty-nine days later than that of the first. therefore the labour contained in the raw material and the instruments of labour can be treated just as if it were labour expended in an earlier stage of the spinning process, before the labour of actual spinning commenced. the values of the means of production, i. e., the cotton and the spindle, which values are expressed in the price of twelve shillings, are therefore constituent parts of the value of the yarn, or, in other words, of the value o f the product. two conditions must nevertheless be fulfilled. first, the cotton and spindle must concur in the production of a use-value; they must in the present case become yarn. value is independent of the particular use-value by which it is borne, but it must be embodied in a use-value of some kind. secondly, the time occupied in the labour of production must not exceed the time really necessary under the given social conditions of the case. therefore, if no more than 1 lb. of cotton be requisite to spin i lb. of yarn, care must be taken that no more than this weight of cotton is consumed in the production of i lb. of yarn; and similarly with regard to the spindle. though the capitalist have a hobby, and use a gold instead of a steel spindle, yet the only labour that counts for anything in the value of the yarn is that which would be required to produce a steel spindle, because no more is necessary under the given social conditions. we now know what portion of the value of the yarn is owing to the cotton and the spindle. it amounts to twelve shillings or the value of two days work. the next point for our consideration is what portion of the value of the yarn is added to the cotton by the labour of the spinner. we have now to consider this labour under a very different aspect from that which it had during the labour-process; there, we viewed it solely as that particular kind of human activity which changes cotton into yarn; there, the more the labour was suited to the work, the better the yarn, other circumstances remaining the same. the labour of the spinner was then viewed as specifically different from other kinds of productive labour, different on the one hand in its special aim, viz., spinning, different, on the other hand, in the special character of its operations, in the special nature of its means of production and in the special use-value of its product. for the operation of spinning, cotton and spindles are a necessity, but for making rifled cannon they would be of no use whatever. here, on the contrary, where we consider the labour of the spinner only so far as it is value-creating, i.e., a source of value, his labour differs in no respect from the labour of the man who bores cannon, or ( what here more nearly concerns us ) , from the labour of the cotton-planter and spindle-maker incorporated in the means of production. it is solely by reason of this identity, that cotton planting, spindle making and spinning, are capable of forming the component parts, differing only quantitatively from each other, of one whole, namely, the value of the yarn. here, we have nothing more to do with the quality, the nature and the specific character of the labour, but merely with its quantity. and this simply requires to be calculated. we proceed upon the assumption that spinning is simple, unskilled labour, the average labour of a given state of society. hereafter we shall see that the contrary assumption would make no difference. while the labourer is at work, his labour constantly undergoes a transformation: from being motion, it becomes an object without motion; from being the labourer working, it becomes the thing produced. at the end of one hour's spinning, that act is represented by a definite quantity of yarn; in other words, a definite quantity of labour, namely that of one hour, has become embodied in the cotton. we say labour, i.e., the expenditure of his vital force by the spinner, and not spinning labour, because the special work of spinning counts here, only so far as it is the expenditure of labourpower in general, and not in so far as it is the specific work of the spinner. in the process we are now considering it is of extreme importance, that no more time be consumed in the work of transforming the cotton into yarn than is necessary under the given social conditions if under normal, i.e., average social conditions of production, a pounds of cotton ought to be m a de into b pounds of yarn by one hour's labour, then a day's labour does not count as 12 hours labour unless 12 a pounds of cotton have been made into 12b pounds of yam ; for in the creation of value, the time that is socially necessary alone counts. not only the labour, but also the raw material and the product now appear in quite a new light, very different from that in which we viewed them in the labour-process pure and simple. the raw material serves now merely as an absorbent of a definite quantity of labour. by this absorption it is in fact changed into yarn, because it is spun, because labour-power in the form of spinning is added to it; but the product, the yarn, is now nothing more than a measure of the labour absorbed by the cotton. if in one hour 1 2/3 lbs. of cotton can be spun into 1 2/3 lbs. of yarn, then 10 lbs. of yarn indicate the absorption of 6 hours' labour. definite quantities of product, these quantities being determined by experience now represent nothing but definite quantities of labour, definite masses of crystallised labour-time. they are nothing more than the materialization of so many hours or so many days of social labour. we are here no more concerned about the facts, that the labour is the specific work of spinning, that it s subject is cotton and its product yarn, than we are about the fact that the subject itself is already a product and therefore raw material. if the spinner, instead of spinning, were working in a coal mine, the subject of his labour, the coal, would be supplied by nature; nevertheless, a definite quantity of extracted coal, a hundredweight for example, would represent a definite quantity of absorbed labour. we assumed, on the occasion of its sale, that the value of a day's labour-power is three shillings, and that six hours' labour is incorporated in that sum; and consequently that this amount of labour is requisite to produce the necessaries of life daily required on an average by the labourer. if now our spinner by working for one hour can convert 1 2/3 lbs. of cotton into 1 2/3 lbs. of yarn, it follows that in six hours he will convert 10 lbs. of cotton into 10 lbs. of yarn. hence, during the spinning process, the cotton absorbs six hours labour. the same quantity of labour is also embodied in a piece of gold of the value of three shillings. consequently by the mere labour of spinning, a value of three shillings is added to the cotton. let us now consider the total value of the product the 10 lbs. of yarn, two and a half days labour has been embodied in it, of which two days were contained in the cotton and in the substance of the spindle worn away, and half a day was absorbed during the process of spinning. this two and a half days' labour is also represented by a piece of gold of the value of fifteen shillings. hence, fifteen shillings is an adequate price for the 10 lbs. of yarn, or the price of one pound is eighteen pence. our capitalist stares ill astonishment. the value of the product is exactly equal to the value of the capital advanced. the value so advanced has not expanded, no surplus-value has been created, and consequently money has not been converted into capital. the price of the yarn is fifteen shillings, and fifteen shil1ings were spent in the open market upon the constituent elements of the product, or, what amounts to the same thing, upon the factors of the labour process; ten shillings were paid for the cotton, two shillings for the substance of the spindle worn away, and three shillings for the labour-power. the swollen value of the yarn is of no avail, for it is merely the sum of the values formerly existing in the cotton, the spindle, and the labour-power: out of such a simple addition of existing values, no surplus-value can possibly arise. these separate values are now all concentrated in one thing; but so they were also in the sum of fifteen shillings, before it was split up into three parts, by the purchase of the commodities. there is in reality nothing very strange in this result. the value of one pound of yarn being eighteen pence, if our capitalist buys 10 lbs. of yarn in the market, h e must pay fifteen shillings for them. it is clear that, whether a man buys his house ready built, or gets it built for him, in neither case will the mode of acquisition increase the amount of money laid out on the house. our capitalist, who is at home in his vulgar economy, exclaims: "oh! but i advanced my money for the express purpose of making more money." the way to hell is paved with good intentions, and he might just as easily have intended to make money, without producing at all. he threatens all sorts of things. he won't be caught napping again. in future he will buy the commodities in the market, instead of manufacturing them himself. but if all his brother capitalists were to do the same, where would he find his commodities in the market? and his money he cannot eat. he tries persuasion. "consider my abstinence; i might have played ducks and drakes with the 15 shillings; but instead of that i consumed it productively, and made yarn with it." very well, and by way of reward he is now in possession of good yarn instead of a bad conscience; and as for playing the part of the miser; it would never do for him to relapse into such bad ways as that; we have seen before to what results such asceticism lead. besides, where nothing is, the king has lost his rights; whatever may be the merit of his abstinence, there is nothing wherewith specially to remunerate it, because the value of the product is merely the sum of the values of the commodities that were thrown into the process of production. let him therefore console himself with the reflection that virtue is its own reward. but no, he becomes importunate. he says: "the yarn .is of no use to me: i produced it for sale." in that case let him sell it, or, still better, let him for the future produce only things for satisfying his personal wants, a remedy that his physician macculloch has already prescribed as infallible against an epidemic of over-production. he now gets obstinate. "can the labourer," he asks, "merely with his arms and legs, produce commodities out of nothing? did i not supply him with the materials, by means of which, and in which alone, his labour could be embodied? and as the greater part of society consists of such never-do-wells, have i not rendered society incalculable service by my instruments of production, my cotton and my spindle, and not only society, but the labourer also, whom in addition i .have provided with the necessaries of life? and am i to be allowed nothing in return for all this service?" well, but has not the labourer rendered him the equivalent service of changing his cotton and spindle into yarn? moreover, there is here no question of service. a service is nothing more than the useful effect of a use-value, be it of a commodity, or be it of labour. but here we are dealing with exchange-value. the capitalist paid to the labourer a value of 3 shillings, and the labourer gave him back an exact equivalent in the value of 3 shillings, added by him to the cotton : he gave him value for value. our friend, up to this time so purse-proud, suddenly assumes the modest demean our of his own workman, and exclaims: "have i myself not worked? have i not performed the labour of superintendence and of overlooking the spinner? and does not this labour, too, create value?" his over looker and his manager try to hide their smiles. meanwhile, after a hearty laugh, he re-assumes his usual mien. though h e chanted to us the whole creed of the economists, in reality, he says, he would not give a brass farthing for it. he leaves this and all such like subterfuges and juggling tricks to the professors of political economy, who are paid for it. he himself is a practical man; and though he does not always consider what he says outside his business, yet in his business he knows what he is about. let us examine the matter more closely, the value of a day's labour-power amounts to 3 shillings, because on our assumption half a day's labour is embodied in that quantity of labour-power, i.e., because the means of subsistence that are daily required for the production of labour-power, cost half a day's labour. but the past labour that is embodied in the labour-power, and the living labour that it can call into action; the daily cost of maintaining it, and its daily expenditure in work, are two totally different things. the former determines the exchange-value of the labour-power the latter is its use-value. the fact that half a day's labour is necessary to keep the labourer alive during 24 hours does not in any way prevent him from working a whole day. therefore, the value of labour-power and the value which that labour-power creates in the labour-process are two entirely different magnitudes; and this difference of the two values was what the capitalist had in view, when he was purchasing the labour-power. the useful qualities that labour-power possesses, and by virtue of which it makes yam or boots, were to him nothing more than a conditio sine qua non; for in order to create value, labour must be expended in a useful manner. what really influenced him was the specific use-value which this commodity possesses of being a source not only of value, but of more value than it has itself. this is the special service that the capitalist expects from labour-power, and in this transaction he acts in accordance with the "eternal laws" of the exchange of commodities. the seller of labour-power, like the seller of any other commodity, realises its exchange-value, and parts with its use-value. he cannot take the one without giving the other. the use-value of labour-power, or in other words, labour, belongs just as little to its seller, as the use-value of oil after it has been sold belongs to the dealer who has sold it. the owner of the money has paid the value of a day's labour-power; his, therefore, is the use of it for a day; a day's labour belongs to him. the circumstance, that on the one hand the daily sustenance of labour-power costs only half a days labour, while on the other hand the very same labour-power can work during a whole day, that consequently the value which its use during one day creates, is double what he pays for that use, this circumstance is, without doubt, a piece of good luck for the buyer, but by no means an injury to the seller. our capitalist foresaw this state of things, and that was the cause of his laughter. the labourer therefore finds, in the workshop, the means of production necessary for working, not only during six, but during twelve hours. just as during the six hours' process our ' 10 lbs. of cotton absorbed six hours' labour, and became 10 lbs. of yarn, so now, 20 lbs. of cotton will absorb 12 hours' labour and be changed into 20 lbs. of yarn. let us now examine the product of this prolonged process. there is now materialised in this 20 lbs. of yarn the labour of five days, of which four days are due to the cotton and the lost steel of the spindle, the remaining day having been absorbed by the cotton during the spinning process. expressed in gold, the labour of five days is thirty shillings. this is therefore the price of the 20 lbs. of yarn, giving, as before, eighteen pence as the price of a pound. but the sum of the values of the commodities that entered into the process amounts to 27 shillings. the value of the yarn is 30 shillings. therefore the value of the product is 1/9 greater than the value advanced for its production; 27 shillings have been transformed into 30 shillings; a surplus-value of 3 shillings has been created. the trick has at last succeeded; money has been converted into capital. every condition of the problem i s satisfied, while the laws that regulate the exchange of commodities, have been in no way violated. equivalent has been exchanged for equivalent. for the capitalist as buyer paid for each commodity, for the cotton, the spindle and the labour-power, its full value. he then did what is done by every purchaser of commodities; he consumed their use-value. the consumption of the labour-power, which was also the process of producing commodities, resulted in 20 lbs. of yarn, having a value of 30 shillings. the capitalist, formerly a buyer, now returns to market as a seller, of commodities. he sells his yarn at eighteen pence a pound, which is its exact value. yet for all that he withdraws 3 shillings more from circulation than he originally threw into it. this metamorphosis, this conversion of money into capital, takes place both within the sphere of circulation and also outside it; within the circulation, because conditioned by the purchase of the labour power in the market; outside the circulation, because what is done within it is only a stepping-stone to the production of surplus-value, a process which is entirely confined to the sphere of production. thus "tout est pour ie mieux dans ie meilleur des mondes possibles." by turning his money into commodities that serve as the ma terial elements of a new product, and as factors in the labour-process, by incorporating living labour with their dead substance, the capitalist at the same time converts value, i.e., past, materialised, and dead labour into capital, into value big with value, a live monster that is fruitful and multiplies. if we now compare the two processes of producing value and of creating surplus-value, we see that the latter is nothing but the continuation of the former beyond a definite point. if on the one hand t he process be not carried beyond the point, where the value paid by the capitalist for the labour-power is replaced by an exact equivalent, it is simply a process of producing value; if, on the other hand, it be continued beyond that point, it becomes a process of creating surplus-value. if we proceed further, and compare the process of producing value with the labour-process, pure and simple, we find that the latter consists of the useful labour, the work that produces use values. here we contemplate the labour as producing a particular article; we view it under its qualitative aspect alone, with regard to its end and aim. but viewed as a value-creating process, the same labour-process presents itself under its quantitative aspect alone. here it is a question merely of the time occupied b y the labourer in doing the work; of the period during which the labour-power is usefully expended. here, the commodities that take part in the process, do not count any longer as necessary adjuncts of labour-power in the production of a definite, useful object. they count merely as depositories of so much absorbed or materialised labour; that labour, whether previously embodied in the means of production, or incorporated in them for the first time during the process of the action of labour-power, counts in either case only according to its duration; it amounts to so many hours or days as the case may be. moreover, only so much of the time spent in the production of any article is counted, as, under the given social conditions, is necessary. the consequences of this are various. in the first place, it becomes necessary that the labour should be carried on under normal conditions. if a self-acting mule is the implement in general use for spinning, it would be absurd to supply the spinner with a distaff and spinning wheel. the cotton too must not be such rubbish as to cause extra waste in being worked, but must be of suitable quality. otherwise the spinner would be found to spend more time in producing a pound of yarn than is socially necessary, in which case the excess of time would create neither value nor money. but whether the material factors of the process are of normal quality or not, depends not upon the labourer, but entirely upon the capitalist. then again, the labour-power itself must be of average efficacy. i n the trade in which it is being employed, it must possess the average skill, handiness and quickness prevalent in that trade, and our capitalist took good care to buy labour-power of such normal goodness. this power must be applied with the average amount of exertion and with the usual degree of intensity; and the capitalist is as careful to see that this is done, as that his workmen are not idle for a single moment. he has bought the use of the labour-power for a definite period, and he insists upon his rights. he has no intention of being robbed. lastly, and for this purpose our friend has a penal code of his own, a]] wasteful consumption of raw material or instruments of labour is strictly forbidden, because what is so wasted, represents labour superfluously expended, labour that does not count in the product or enter into its value. we now see, that the difference between labour, considered on the one hand as producing utilities, and on the other hand, as creating value, a difference which we discovered by our analysis of a commodity, resolves itself into a distinction between two aspects of the process of production. the process of production, considered on the one hand as the unity of the labour-process and the process of creating value, is production of commodities; considered on the other hand as the unity of the labour-process and the process of producing surplus value, it is the capitalist process o f production, or capitalist production of commodities. we stated, on a previous page, that in the creation of surplus value it does not in the least matter, whether the labour appropriated by the capitalist be simple unskilled labour of average quality or more complicated unskilled labour. all labour of a higher or m ore complicated character than average labour is expenditure of labour-power of a more costly kind, labour-power whose production has cost more time and labour, and which therefore has a higher value, than unskilled or simple labour-power. this power being of higher value, its consumption is labour of a higher class, labour that creates in equal time’s proportionally higher values than unskilled labour does. whatever difference in skill there may be between the labour of a spinner and that of a jeweller, the portion of his labour by which the jeweller merely replaces the value of his own labourpower, does not in any way differ in quality from the additional portion by which he creates surplus-value. in the making of jewellery, just as in spinning, the surplus-value results only from a quantitative excess of labour, from a lengthening-out of one and the same labour-process, in the one case, of the process of making jewels, in the other of the process of making yarn . but on the other hand, in every process of creating value, the reduction of skilled labour to average social labour, e.g., one day of skilled to six days of unskilled labour, is unavoidable. we therefore save ourselves a superfluous operation, and simplify our analysis, by the assumption, that the labour of the workman employed by the capitalist is unskilled average labour. * * * chapter x the working-day section 1. the limits of the working-day we started with the supposition that labour-power is bought and sold at its value. its value, like that of all other commodities, is determined by the working-time necessary to its production. if the production of the average daily means of subsistence of the labourer takes up 6 hours, he must work, on the average, 6 hours every day, to produce his daily labour-power, or to reproduce the value received as the result of its sale. the necessary part of his working-day amounts to 6 hours, and is, therefore, caeteris paribus, a given quantity. but with this, the extent of the working-day itself is not yet given. let us assume that the line a b represents the length of the necessary working-time, say 6 hours. if the l abour be prolonged 1, 3, or 6 hours beyond a b, we have 3 other lines: working day i. a -- b - c. working day ii. a--b – c. working day iii. a-- b –c, representing 3 different working-days of 7, 9, and 1 2 hours. the extension b c of the line a b represents the length of the surplus-labour. as the working-day is a b + b or a c, it varies with the variable quantity b c. since a b is constant, the ratio of b c to a b can always b e calculated. in working-day i, it is 1/6, in working-day ii, 3/6, in working-day iii, 6/6 o f a b. since, further, the ratio determines the rate of the surplus-value the latter is given by the ratio of b c to a b. it amounts in the 3 different working-days respectively to 16 2/3, 50 and 100 per cent. on the other hand, the rate of surplus-value alone would not give us the extent of the working-day. if this rate, e.g., were 100 per cent, the working-day might be of 8, 10, 12, or more hours. it would indicate that the 2 constituent parts of the working-day, necessary-labour and surplus-labour time, were equal in extent, but not how long each of these two constituent parts was. the working-day is thus not a constant, but a variable quantity. one of its parts, certainly, is determined by the working-time required for the reproduction of the labour-power of the labourer himself. but its total amount varies with the duration of the surplus-labour. the working-day is, therefore, determinable, but is, per se, indeterminate. although the working-day is not a fixed, but a fluent quantity, it can, on the other hand, only vary within certain limits. the minimum limit is, however, not determinable; of course, if we make the extension line b c or the surplus-labour= a, we have a minimum limit, i.e., the part of the day which the labourer must necessarily work for his own maintenance. on the basis of capitalist production, however, this necessary labour can form a part only of the working-day; the working-day itself can never be reduced to' this minimum. on the other h and, the working-day has a maximum limit. it cannot be prolonged beyond a certain point. this maximum limit is conditioned by two things. first, by the physical bounds of labour-power within the 24 hours of the natural day a man can expend only a definite quantity of his vital force. a horse, in like manner, can only work from day to day, 8 hours. during part of the day this force must rest, sleep; during another part the man has to satisfy other physical needs, to feed, wash, and clothe himself. besides these purely physical limitations, the extension of the working-day encounters moral ones. the labourer needs time for satisfying his intellectual and social wants, the extent and number of which are conditioned by the general state of social advancement. the variation of the working-day fluctuates, therefore, within physical and social bounds. but both these limiting conditions are of a very elastic nature, and allow the greatest latitude, so we find working-days of 8, 10, 12, 14, 16, 18 hours, i.e., of the most different lengths. the capitalist has bought the labour-power at its day-rate. to him it s use-value belongs during one working-day. he has thus acquired the right to make the labourer work for him during one day. but, what is a working-day? at all events less, than a natural day, by how much? the capitalist has his own views of this ultima thule, the necessary limit of the working-day. as capitalist, he is only capital personified. his soul is the soul of capital. but capital has one single life impulse, the tendency to create value and surplus-value, to make its constant factor, the means of production, absorb the greatest possible amount of surplus-labour. capital is dead labour, that, vampire-like, only lives by sucking living labour, and lives the more, the more labour it sucks. the time during which the labourer works, is the time during which the capitalist consu mes the labour-power he has purchased of him. if the labourer consumes his disposable time for himself, he robs the capitalist. the capitalist then takes his stand on the law of the exchange of commodities. he, like all other buyers, seeks to get the greatest possible benefit out of the use-value of his commodity. suddenly the voice of the labourer, which had been stifled in the storm and stress of the process of production, rises: the commodity that i have sold to you differs from the crowd of other commodities, in that its use creates value and a value greater than its own. that is why you bought it. that, which on your side appears a spontaneous expansion of capital, is on mine extra expenditure of labour-power. you and i know on the market only one law, that of the exchange of commodities. and the consumption of the commodity belongs not to the seller who parts with it, but to the buyer, who acquires it. to you, therefore, belongs the use of my daily labour-power. but by means of the price that you pay for it each day, i must be able to reproduce it daily, and to sell it again. apart from natural exhaustion through age, &c, i must be able on the morrow to work with the same normal amount of force, health and freshness as to-day. you preach to me constantly the gospel of "saving" and "abstinence." good! i will, like a sensible saving owner, husband my sale wealth, labour-power, and abstain from all foolish waste of it. i will each day spend, set in motion, put into action only as much of it as is compatible with its normal duration, and healthy development. by an unlimited extension of the working-day, you may in one day use up a quantity of labourpower greater than i can restore in three. what you gain in labour i lose in substance. the use of my labour-power and the spoliation of it are quite different things. if the average time that (doing a reasonable amount of work) an average labourer can live, is 30 years, the value of my labour-power, which you pay me from day to day is or of its total value. but if you consume it in 10 years, you pay me daily instead of of its total value, i.e., only 1/3 of its daily value, and you rob me, therefore, every day of 2/3 of the value of my commodity. you pay me for one day's labour-power, whilst you use that of 3 days. that is against our contract and the law of exchanges. i demand, therefore, a working- day of normal length, and i demand it without any appeal to your heart, for in money matters sentiment is out of place. you may be a model citizen perhaps a member of the society for the prevention of cruelty to animals, and in the odour of sanctity to boot; but the thing that you represent face to face with me has no heart in its breast. that which seems to throb there is my own heart-beating. i demand the normal working-day because i, like every other seller, demand the value of my commodity. we see then, that, apart from extremely elastic bounds, the nature of the exchange of commodities itself imposes no limit to the working-day, no limit to surplus-labour. the capitalist maintains his rights as a purchaser when he tries to make the working- day as long as possible, and to make, whenever possible, two working-days out of one. on the other hand, the peculiar nature of the commodity sold implies a limit to its consumption by the purchaser, and the labourer maintains his right as seller when he wishes to reduce the working-day to one of definite normal duration. there is here, therefore, an antinomy, right against right, both equally bearing the seal of the law of exchanges. between equal rights force decides. hence is it that in the history of capitalist production, the determination of what is a working-day, presents itself as the result of a struggle, a struggle between collective capital, i.e., the class of capitalists, and collective labour, i.e., the working- class. section 2. the greed for surplus-labour. manufacturer and boyard capital has not invented surplus-labour. wherever a part of society possesses the monopoly of the means of production, the labourer, free or not free, must add to the working-time necessary for his own maintenance an extra working-time in order to produce the means of subsistence for the owners of the means of production, whether this proprietor be the athenian nobleman, etruscan theocrat, civis roman us, norman baron, american slave-owner, wallachian boyard, modern landlord or capitalist. it is however, clear that in any given economic formation of society, where not the exchange-value but the use-value of the product predominates, surplus-labour will be limited by a given set of wants which may be greater or less, and that here no boundless thirst for surplus-labour arises from the nature of the production itself. hence in antiquity over-work becomes horrible only when the object is to obtain exchange-value in its specific independent money-form; in the production of gold and silver. compulsory working to death is here the recognised form of over-work. only read diodorus siculus. still these are exceptions in antiquity. but as soon as people, whose production still moves within the lower forms of slave-labour, corvee-labour, &c., are drawn into the whirlpool of an international market dominated by the capitalistic mode of production, the s ale of their products for export becoming their principal interest, the civilised horrors of over-work are grafted on the barbaric horrors of slavery, serfdom, &c. hence the negro labour in the southern states of the american union preserved something of a patriarchal character, so long as production was chiefly directed to immediate local consumption but in proportion, as the export of cotton became of vital interest to these states, the over-working of the negro and sometimes the using up of his life in 7 years of labour became a factor in a calculated and calculating system. it was no longer a question of obtaining from him a certain quantity of useful products; it was now a question of production of surplus-labour itself. so was it also with the corvee, e.g., in the danubian principalities (now roumania). the comparison of the greed for surplus-labour in the danubian principalities with the same greed in english factories has a special interest, because surplus-labour in the corvee has an independent and palpable form. suppose the working-day consists of 6 hours of necessary labour, and 6 hours of surplus-labour. then the free labourer gives the capitalist every week 6 x 6 or 36 hours of surplus-labour. it is the same as if he worked 3 days in the week for himself, and 3 days in the week gratis for the capitalist. but this is not evident on the surface. surplus-labour and necessary labour glide one into the other. i can, therefore, express the same relationship by saying, e.g., that the labourer in every minute works 30 seconds for himself, and 30 for the capitalist, etc. it is otherwise with the corvee. the necessary labour which the wallachian peasant does for his own maintenance is distinctly marked off from his surplus-labour on behalf of the boyard. the one he does on his own field, the other on the seignorial estate. both parts of the labour-time exist, therefore, independently, side by side one with the other. in the corvee the surplus-labour is accurately marked off from the necessary labour. this, however, can make no difference with regard to the quantitative relation of surplus-labour to necessary labour. three days' surplus-labour in the week remains three days that yield no equivalent to the labourer himself, whether it is called corvee or wage-labour. but in the capitalist the greed for surplus-labour appears in the straining after an unlimited extension of the working-day, in the boyard more simply in a direct hunting after days of corvee.*** the factory act of 1850 now in force (1867) allows for the average working-day 10 hours, i.e., for the first 5 days 12 hours from 6 a.m. to 6 p.m., including 1/2 an hour for breakfast, and an h our for dinner, and thus leaving 10 1/2 working-hours, and 8 hours for saturday, from 6 a.m. to 2 p.m., of which 1/2 an hour is subtracted for breakfast. 60 working-hours are left, 10 1/2 for each of the first 5 days, 7 1/2 for the last. certain guardians of these laws are appointed, factory inspectors, directly under the home secretary, whose reports are published half-yearly, by order of parliament. they give regular and official statistics of the capitalistic greed for surplus-labour. let us listen, for a moment, to the factory inspectors. "the fraudulent mill-owner begins work a quarter of an hour (sometimes more, sometimes less) before 6 a.m., and leaves off a quarter of an hour (sometimes more, sometimes less) after 6 p.m. he takes 5 minutes from the beginning and from the end of the half hour nominally allowed for breakfast, and 10 minutes a t the beginning and end o f the hour nominally allowed for dinner. he works for a quarter of an hour (sometimes more, sometimes less) after 2 p.m. on saturday. thus his gain is before 6 a.m.........................................................15 minutes after 6 p.m.,..........................................................15 minutes. at breakfast time, ................................................10 minutes. at dinner time,......................................................10 minutes. five days-300 minutes, 60 minutes. on saturday before 6 a.m...................................15 minutes. a t breakfast time,................................................10 minutes. after 2 p.m., ........................................................15 minutes. 40 minutes. total weekly, ....................................................340 minutes. or 5 hours and 40 minutes weekly, which multiplied by 50 working weeks in the year (allowing two for holidays and occasional stoppages) is equal to 27 working-days." "five minutes a day's increased work, multiplied b y weeks, are equal to two and a half days of produce i n the year." "an additional hour a day gained by small installments before 6 a.m., after 6 p.m., and at the beginning and end of the times nominally fixed for meals, is nearly equivalent to working 13 months in the year." * * * these " small thefts" of capital from the labourer's meal and recreation time, the factory inspectors also designate as "petty pilfering of minutes," "snatching a few minutes," or, as the labourers technically called them, "nibbling and cribbling at meal-times." it is evident that in this atmosphere the -formation of surplusvalue by surplus-labour, is no secret. "if you allow me," said a highly respectable master to me, "to work only ten minutes in the day over-time, you put one thousand a year in my pocket." "moments are the elements of profit." nothing is from this point of view more characteristic than the designation of the workers who work full time as "full-timers," and the children under 13 who are only allowed to work 6 hours as "half-timers . " the worker is here nothing more than personified labour-time. all individual distinctions are merged in those of "full-timers" and "half-timers." section 3. branches of english industry without legal limits to exploitation we have hitherto considered the tendency to the extension of the working-day, the were-woif's hunger for surplus-labour in a department where the monstrous exactions, not surpassed, says an english bourgeois economist, by the cruelties of the spaniards to the american red skins, caused capital at last to be bound by the chains of legal regulations. now, let us cast a glance at certain branches of production in which the exploitation of labour is either free from fetters to this day, or was so yesterday. mr. broughton charlton, county magistrate, declared, as chairman of a meeting held at the assembly rooms, nottingham, on the 14th of january, 1860, "that there was an amount of privation and suffering among that portion of the population connected with the lace trade, unknown in other parts of the kingdom, indeed, in the civilised world . . . . children of nine or ten years are dragged from their squalid beds at two, three, or four o' clock in the morning and compelled to work for a bare subsistence until ten, eleven, or twelve at night, their limbs wearing away, their frames dwindling, their faces whitening, and their humanity absolutely sinking into a stone-like torpor, utterly horrible to contemplate . . . . we are not surprised that mr. mallett, or any other manufacturer, should stand forward and protest against discussion . . . . the system, as the rev. montagu valpy describes it, is one of unmitigated slavery, socially, physically, morally, and spiritually . . . . what can be thought of a town which holds a public meeting to petition that the period of labour for men shall be diminished to eighteen hours a day? . . . we declaim against the virginian and carolinian cotton- planters. is their black-market, their lash, and their barter of human flesh more detestable than this slow sacrifice of humanity which takes place in order that veils and collars may be fabricated for the benefit of capitalists?" * * * the manufacture of lucifer matches dates from 1833, from the discovery of the method of applying phosphorus to the match itself. since 184 5 this manufacture has rapidly developed in england, and has extended especially amongst the thickly populated parts o f london as well as in manchester, birmingham, liverpool, bristol, norwich, newcastle and glasgow. with it has spread the form of lockjaw, which a vienna physician in 1845 discovered to be a disease peculiar to lucifer-matchmakers. half the workers are children under thirteen, and young persons under eighteen. the manufacture is on account of its unhealthiness and unpleasantness in such bad odour that only the most miserable part of the laboring class, half-starved widows and so forth, deliver up their children to it, "the ragged, half-starved, untaught children." of the witnesses that commissioner white examined (1863), '270 were under 18, 50 under 10, 10 only 8, and 5 only 6 years old. a range of the working-day from 12 to 14 or 15 hours, night-labour, irregular meal-times, meals for the most part taken in the very workrooms those are pestilent with phosphorus. dante would have found the worst horrors of his inferno surpassed in this manufacture. * * * no branch of industry in england (we do not take into account the making of bread by machinery recently introduced) has preserved up to the present day a method o f production so archaic, so-as we see from the poets of the roman empire-pre-christian, as baking. but capital, as was said earlier, is at first indifferent as to the technical character of the labour-process; it begins by taking it just as it finds it. the incredible adulteration of bread, especially in london, was first revealed by the house of commons committee "on the adulteration of articles of food" (1855- 56), and dr. hassall's work, "adulterations detected." the consequence of these revelations was the act of august 6th, 1860, "for preventing the adulteration of articles of food and drink," an inoperative law, as it naturally shows the tenderest consideration for every free-trader who determines by the buying or selling of adulterated commodities " to turn an honest penny. " the committee itself formulated more or less naively its conviction that free-trade meant essentially trade with adulterated, or as the english ingeniously put it, "sophisticated" goods. in fact this kind of sophistry knows better than protagoras how to make white black and black white, and better than the eleatics how to demonstrate ad oculos that everything is only appearance. at all events the committee had directed the attention of the public to its "daily bread," and therefore to the baking trade. at the same time in public meetings and in petitions to parliament rose the cry o f the london journeymen bakers against their overwork, &c. the cry was so urgent that mr. h. s. tremenheere, also a member of the commission of 1863 several times mentioned, was appointed royal commissioner of inquiry. his report, together with the evidence given, roused not the heart of the public but its stomach. englishmen, always well up in the bible, knew well enough that man, unless by elective grace a capitalist, or landlord, or sinecurist, is commanded to eat his bread in the sweat of his brow, but they did not know that he had to eat daily in his bread a certain quantity of human perspiration mixed with the discharge of abscesses, cobwebs, dead black-beetles, and putrid german yeast, without counting alum, sand, and other agreeable mineral ingredients. without any regard to his holiness, free-trade, the free baking- trade was therefore placed under the supervision of the state inspectors (close of the parliamentary session of 1863), and by the same act of parliament, work from 9 in the evening to 5 in the morning was forbidden for journeymen bakers under 18. the last clause speaks volumes as to the over-work in this old-fashioned, homely line of business. "the work of a london journeyman baker begins, as a rule, at about eleven at night. at that hour he 'makes the dough, '-a laborious process, which lasts from half an hour to three quarters of an hour, according to the size of the batch or the labour bestowed upon it. he then lies down upon the kneading-board, which is also the covering of the trough in which the dough is 'made'; and with a sack under him, and another rolled up as a pillow, he sleeps for about a couple of hours. he is then engaged in a rapid and continuous labour for about five hours-throwing out the dough, 'scaling if off,' moulding it, putting it into the oven, preparing and baking rolls and fancy bread, taking the batch bread out of the oven, and up into the shop, &c., &c. the temperature of a bakehouse ranges from about 75 to upwards of 90 degrees, and in the smaller bakehouses approximates usually to the higher rather than to the lower degree of heat. when the business of making the bread, rolls, &c., is over, that of its distribution begins, and a considerable proportion of the journeymen in the trade, after working hard in the manner described during the night, are upon their legs for many hours during the day, carrying baskets, or wheeling hand-carts, and sometimes again in the bakehouse, leaving off work at various hours between 1 and 6 p.m. according to the season of the year, or the amount and nature of their master's business; while others are again engaged in the bakehouse in 'bringing out' more batches until late in the afternoon . . . . during what is called ' the london season,' the operatives belonging to the ' full-priced' bakers at the west end of the town, generally begin work at 11 p.m., and are engaged in making the bread, with one or two short ( sometimes very short ) intervals of rest, up to 8 o'clock the next morning. they are then engaged all day long, up to 4, 5, 6, and as late as 7 o'clock in the evening carrying out bread, or sometimes in the afternoon in the bakehouse again, assisting in the biscuit-baking. they may have, after they have done their work, sometimes five or six, sometimes only four or five hours' sleep before they begin again. on fridays they always begin sooner, some about ten o'clock, and continue in some cases, at work, either in making or delivering the bread up to 8 p.m. on saturday night, but more generally up to 4 or 5 o'clock, sunday morning. on sundays the men must attend twice or three times during the day for an hour or two to make preparations for the next day's bread . . . . the men employed by the underselling masters ( who sell their bread under the 'full price,' and who, as already pointed out, comprise three-fourths of the london bakers ) have not only to work on the average longer hours, but their work is almost entirely confined to the bakehouse. the underselling masters generally sell their bread . . . . in the shop, if they send it out, which is not common, except as supplying ' chandler's shops, they usually employ other hands for that purpose. it is not their practice to deliver bread from house to house. towards the end of the week . . . the men begin on thursday night at 10 o' clock, and continue on with only slight intermission until late on saturday evening." even the bourgeois intellect understands the position of the "underselling" masters. "the unpaid labour of the men was made the source whereby the competition was carried on." and the "full-priced" baker denounces his underselling competitors to the commission of inquiry as thieves of foreign labour and adulterators. "they only exist now by first defrauding the public and next getting 18 hours 'work out of their men for 12 hours’ wages." the adulteration of bread and the formation of a class of bakers that sells the bread below the full price, date from the beginning of the 18th century, from the time when the corporate character of the trade was lost, and the capitalist in the form of the miller or flour-factor, rises behind the nominal master baker. thus was laid the foundation of capitalistic production in this trade, of the unlimited extension of the working-day and of night-labour, although the latter only since 1824 gained a serious footing, even in london. after what has just been said, it will be understood that the report of the commission classes journeymen bakers among the short-lived labourers, who, having by good luck escaped the normal decimation of the children of the working-class, rarely reach the age of 42. nevertheless, the baking trade is always overwhelmed with applicants. the sources of the supply of these labour-powers to london are scotland, the western agricultural districts of england, and germany. * * * from the motley crowd of labourers of all callings, ages, sexes, that press on us more busily than the souls of the slain on ulysses, on whom-without referring to the blue books under their arms-we see at a glance the mark of over-work, let us take two more figures whose striking contrast proves that before capital all men are alike-a milliner and a blacksmith. in the last week of june, 1863, all the london daily papers published a paragraph with the "sensational" heading, "death from simple over-work." it dealt with the death of the milliner, mary anne walkley, 20 years of age, employed in a highly respectable dressmaking establishment, exploited by a lady with the pleasant name of elise. the old, often-told story was once more recounted. this girl worked, on an average, 16 1/2 hours, during the season often 30 hours, without a break, whilst her failing labourpower was revived by occasional supplies of sherry, port, or coffee. it was just now the height of the season. it was necessary to conjure up in the twinkling of an eye the gorgeous dresses for the noble ladies bidden to the ball in honour of the newly-imported princess of wales. mary anne walkley had worked without intermission for 26 1/2 hours, with 60 other girls, 30 in one room that only afforded 1/3 of the cubic feet of air required for them. at night, they slept in pairs in one o f the stifling holes into which the bedroom was divided by partitions of board. and this was one of the best millinery establishments in london. mary anne walkley fell ill on the friday, died on sunday, without, to the astonishment 6f madame elise, having previously completed the work in hand. the doctor, mr. keys, called too late to the death-bed, duly bore witness before the coroner's jury that "mary anne walkley had died from long hours of work in an over-crowded workroom, and a too small and badly-ventilated bedroom." in order to give the doctor a lesson in good manners; the coroner's jury thereupon brought in a verdict that "the deceased had died of apoplexy, but there was reason to fear that her death had been accelerated by over-work in an over-crowded workroom, &c." "our white slaves," cried the morning star, the organ of the free-traders, cobden and. bright, "our white slaves, who are toiled into the grave, for the• most part silently pine and die." "it is not in dressmakers' rooms that working to death is the order of the day, but in a thousand other places; in every place i had almost said, where 'a thriving business' has to be done. we will take the blacksmith as a type. if the poets were true, there is no man so hearty, so merry, as the blacksmith; he rises early and strikes his sparks before the sun; he eats and drinks and sleeps as no other man. working in moderation, he is, in fact, in one of the best of human positions, physically speaking. but we follow him into the city or town, and we see the stress of work on that strong man, and what then is his position in the death-rate of his country. in marylebone, blacksmiths die at the rate of 31 per thousand per annum, or 11 above the mean of the male adults of the country in its entirety. the occupation, instinctive almost as a portion of human art, unobjectionable as a branch of human industry, is made by mere excess o f work, the destroyer of the man. he can strike so many blows per day, walk so many steps, breathe so many breaths, produce so much work, and live an average, say of fifty years; he is made to strike so many more blows, to walk so many more steps, to breathe so many more breaths per day, and to increase altogether a fourth of his life. he meets the effort; the result is that producing for a limited time a fourth more work, he dies at 37 for 50." section 4. day and night work. the relay system constant capital, the means of production, considered from the standpoint of the creation of surplus-value, only exist to absorb labour, and with every drop of labour a proportional quantity of surplus-labour. while they fail to do this, their mere existence causes a relative loss to the capitalist, for they represent during the time they lie fallow, a useless advance of capital. and this loss becomes positive and absolute as soon as the intermission of their employment necessitates additional outlay at the recommencement of work. the prolongation of the working-day beyond the limits of the natural day, into the night, only acts as a palliative. it quenches only in a slight degree the vampire thirst for the living blood of labour. to appropriate labour during all the 24 hours of the day is, therefore, the inherent tendency of capitalist production. but as it is physically impossible to exploit the same individual labour-power constantly during the night as well as the day, to overcome this physical hindrance, an alternation becomes necessary between the workpeople whose powers are exhausted by day, and those who are used up by night. this alternation may be effected in various ways; e.g., it may be so arranged that part of the workers are one week employed on day-work, the next week on night-work. it is well known that this relay system, this alternation of two sets of workers, held full sway in the full-blooded youth-time of the english cotton manufacture, and that at the present time it still flourishes, among others, in the cotton spinning of the moscow district. this 24 hours' process of production exists to-day as a system in many of the branches of industry of great britain that are still "free," in the blast-furnaces, forges, plate-rolling mills, and other metallurgical establishments in england, wales, and scotland. the working-time here includes, besides the 24 hours of the 6 working-days, a great part also of the 24 hours of sunday. the workers consist of men and women, adults and children of both sexes. the ages of the children and young persons run through all intermediate grades, from 8 (in some cases from 6) to 18. in some branches a f indus try, the girls and women work through the night together with the males. * * * section 5. the struggle for a normal working-day. compulsory laws for the extension of the working-day from the middle of the 14th to the end of the 17th century "what is a working-day? what is the length of time during which capital may consume the labour-power whose daily value it buys? how far may the working-day be extended beyond the working-time necessary for the reproduction of labour-power itself?" it has been seen that to these questions capital replies: the working-day contains the full 24 hours, with the deduction of the few hours of repose without which labour-power absolutely refuses its services again. hence it is self-evident that the labourer is nothing else, his whole life through, than labour-pow.er, that therefore all his disposable time is by nature and law labour-time, to be devoted to the self-expansion of capital, time for education, for intellectual development, for the fulfilling of social functions and for social intercourse for the free-play of his bodily and mental activity, even the rest time of sunday (and that in a country of sabbatarians!) -moonshine! but in its blind unrestrainable passion, its were-wolf hunger for surplus-labour, capital overst.eps not only the moral, but even the merely physical maximum bounds of the working-day. it usurps the time for growth, development, and healthy maintenance o f the body. it steals the time required for the consumption of fresh air and sunlight. it higgles over a meal-time, incorporating it where possible with the process of production itself, so that food is given to the labourer as to a mere means of production, as coal is supplied to the boiler, grease and oil to the machinery. it reduces the sound sleep needed for the restoration, reparation, refreshment of the bodily powers to just so many hours of torpor as the revival of an organism, absolutely exhausted, renders essential. it is not the normal maintenance of the labour-power which is to determine the limits of the working-day; it is the greatest possible daily expenditure of labour-power, no matter how diseased, compulsory, and painful it may be, which is to determine the limits of the labourers' period of repose. capital cares nothing for the length of life of labour-power. all that concerns it is simply and solely the maximum of labour-power that can be rendered fluent in a working-day. it attains this end by shortening the extent of the labourer's life, as a greedy farmer snatches increased produce from the soil by robbing it of its fertility. the capitalistic mode of production (essentially the production of surplus-value, the absorption of surplus-labour), produces thus, with the extension of the working-day, not only the deterioration of human labour-power by robbing it of its normal, moral and physical, conditions of development and function. it produces also the premature exhaustion and death of this lab our-power itself. it extends the labourer's time of production during a given period by shortening his actual life-time. but the value of the labour-power includes the value of the commodities necessary for the reproduction of the worker, or for the keeping up of the working-class. if then the unnatural extension of the working-day, that capital necessarily strives after in its unmeasured passion for self-expansion, shortens the length of life of the individual labourer, and therefore the duration of his labour-power, the forces used up have to be replaced at a more rapid rate and the sum of the expenses for the reproduction of labour-power will be greater; just as in a machine the part of its value to be reproduced every day is greater the more rapidly the machine is worn out. it would seem therefore that the interest of capital itself points in the direction of a normal working-day. the slave-owner buys his labourer as he buys his horse. if heloses his slave, he loses capital that can only be restored by new outlay in the slave-mart. but "the rice-grounds of georgia, or the swamps of the mississippi may be fatally injurious to the human constitution; but the waste of human life which the cultivation of these districts necessitates, is not so great that it cannot be repaired from the teeming preserves of virginia and kentucky. considerations of economy, moreover, which, under a natural system, afford some security for human treatment by identifying the master's interest with the slave's preservation, when once trading in slaves is practised, become reasons for racking to the uttermost the toil of the slave; for, when his place can at once be supplied from foreign preserves, the duration of his life becomes a matter of less moment than its productiveness while it lasts. it is accordingly a maxim of slave management, in slave-importing countries, that the most effective economy is that which takes out of the human chattel in the shortest space of time the utmost amount of exertion it is capable of putting forth. it is in tropical culture, where annual profits often equal the whole capital of plantations, that negro life is most recklessly sacrificed. it is the agriculture of the west indies, which has been for centuries prolific of fabulous wealth that has engulfed millions of the african race. it is in cuba, at this day, whose revenues are reckoned by millions, and whose planters are princes, that we see in the servile class, the coarsest fare, the most exhausting and unremitting toil, and even the absolute destruction of a portion of its numbers every year." mutato nomine de te fabula narrator. for slave-trade read labour-market, for kentucky and virginia, ireland and the agricultural districts of england, scotland, and wales, for africa, germany. we heard how over-work thinned the ranks of the bakers in london. nevertheless, the london labour-market is always overstocked with german and other candidates for death in the bakeries. pottery, as we saw, is one of the shortest-lived industries. is there any want therefore of potters? josiah wedgwood, the inventor of modern pottery, himself originally a common workman, said in 1785 before the house of commons that the whole trade employed from 15,000 to 20,000 people. in the year 1861 the population alone of the town centres of this industry in great britain numbered 101, 302. "the cotton trade has existed for ninety years . . . . i t has existed for three generations of the english race, and i believe i may safely say that during that period it has destroyed nine generations o f factory operatives." * * * what experience shows to the capitalist generally is a constant excess of population, i.e., an excess in relation to the momentary requirements of surplus-lab our-absorbing capital, although this excess is made up o f generations of human beings stunted, shortlived, swiftly replacing each other, plucked, so to say, before maturity. and, indeed, experience shows to the intelligent observer with what swiftness and grip the capitalist m ode of production, dating, historically speaking, only from yesterday, has seized the vital power of the people by the very root-shows how the degeneration of the industrial population is only retarded by the constant absorption of primitive and physically uncorrupted elements from the country shows how even the country labourers, in spite of fresh air and the principle of natural selection, that works so powerfully amongst them, and only permits the survival of the strongest, are already beginning to die off. capital that has such good reasons for denying the sufferings of the legions of workers that surround it, is in practice moved as much and as little by the sight of the coming degradation and final depopulation of the human race, as by the probable fall of the earth into the sun. in every stock-jobbing swindle every one knows that some time or other the crash must come, but every one hope that it may fall on the head of his neighbour, after he himself has caught the shower of gold and placed it in safety. apres moi ie deluge! is the watchword of every capitalist and of every capitalist nation. hence capital is reckless o f the health or length of life of the labourer, unless under compulsion from society. to the out cry as to the physical and mental degradation, the premature death, the torture of over-work, it answers: ought these to trouble us since they increase our profits? but looking at things as a whole, all this does not, indeed, depend on the good or ill will of the individual capitalist. free competition brings out the inherent laws of capitalist production, in the shape of external coercive laws having power over every individual capitalist. the establishment of a normal working-day is the result of centuries of struggle between capitalist and labourer. the history of this struggle shows two opposed tendencies. compare, e.g., the english factory legislation of our time with the english labour statutes from the 14th century to when into the middle of the 18th.whilst the modern factory acts compulsorily shortened the working-day, the earlier statutes tried to lengthen it by compulsion. of course the pretensions of capital in embryo-when, beginning to grow, it secures the right of absorbing a quantum sufficit of surplus-labour, not merely by the force of economic relations, but by the help of the state-appear very modest when put face to face with the concessions that, growling and struggling, it has to make in its adult condition. it takes centuries ere the "free" labourer, thanks to the development of capitalistic production, agrees, i.e., is compelled by social conditions, to sell the 'whole of his active life, his very capacity for work, for the price of the necessaries of life, his birthright for a mess of pottage. hence it is natural that the lengthening of the work-day, which capital, 'from the middle of the 14th to the end of the 17th century, tries to impose by state measures on adult labourers, approximately coincides with the shortening of the working-day which, in the second half of the19th century, has here and there been effected by the state to prevent the coining of children's blood into capital. that which to-day, e.g., in the state of massachusetts, until recently the freest state of the north-american republic, has been proclaimed a s the statutory limit of the labour of children under 12, was in england, even in the middle of the 17th century, the normal working-day of ablebodiedartisans, robust labourers, athletic blacksmiths. * * * part iv. production of relative surplus-value chapter xii. the concept of relative surplusvalue that portion of the working-day which merely produces an equivalent for the value paid by the capitalist for h is labour-power, has, up to this point, been treated by us as a constant magnitude, and such in fact it is, under given conditions of production and at a given stage in the economic development of society. beyond this his necessary labour-time, the labourer, we saw, could continue to work for 2, 3, 4, 6, &c., hours. the rate of surplus-value and the length of the working-day depended on the magnitude of this prolongation though the necessary labour-time was constant, we saw, on the other hand that the total working-day was variable. now suppose we have a working-day whose length, and whose apportionment between necessary labour and surplus-labour, are given. let the whole line a c, a---b-c represent, for example, a working-day of 12 hours; the portion of a b 10 hours of necessary labour, and the portion b c 2 hours of surplus-labour. how now can the production of surplus-value be increased, i.e., how can the surplus- labour be prolonged, without, or independently of, any prolongation of a c? although the length of a c is given, b c appears to be capable of prolongation, if not by extension beyond its end c, which is also the end of the working-day a c, yet, at all events, by pushing back its starting-point b in the direction of a. assume that b'-b in the line a b' b c is equal to half of b c a b’ b c or to one hour's labour-time. if now, in a c, the working-day of 12hours, we move the point b to b', b c becomes b' c; the surpluslabour increases b y one half, from 2 hours to 3 hours, although the working-day remains as before at 12 hours. this extension of the surplus labour-time from b c to b' c, from 2 hours to 3 h ours, is, however, evidently impossible, without a simultaneous contraction of the necessary labour-time from a b into a b', from 10 hours to 9 hours. the prolongation of the surplus-labour would correspond to a shortening of the necessary labour; or a portion of the labour-time previously consumed, in reality, for the labourer's own benefit, would be converted into labour-time for the benefit of the capitalist. there would be an alteration, not in the length of the working-day, but in its division into necessary labour-time and surplus labour-time. on the other hand, it is evident that the duration of the surplus- labour is given, when the length of the working-day, and the value of labour-power, are given. the value of labour-power, i.e., the labour-time requisite to produce labour-power, determines the labour-time necessary for the reproduction o f that value. if one working-hour be embodied in sixpence, and the value of a day's labour-power be five shillings, the labourer must work 10 hours a day, in order to replace the value paid by capital for his labourpower, or to produce an equivalent for the value of his daily necessary means of subsistence. given the value of these means of subsistence, the value of his labour-power is given; and given the value of his labour-power, the duration of his necessary labour-time is given. the duration of the surplus-labour, however, is arrived at, by subtracting the necessary labour-time from the total working-day. ten hours subtracted from twelve, leave two, and it is not easy to see, how, under the given conditions, the surplus-labour can possibly be prolonged beyond two hours. no doubt, the capitalist can, instead of five shillings, pay the labourer four shillings and sixpence or even less. for the reproduction of this value of four shillings and sixpence, nine hours' labour-time would suffice; and consequently three hours of surplus-labour, instead of two, would accrue to the capitalist, and the surplus-value would rise from one shilling to eighteen pence. this result, however, would be obtained only by lowering the wages of the labourer below the value of his labourpower. with the four shillings and sixpence which he produces in nine hours, he commands one-tenth less of the necessaries of life than before, and consequently the proper reproduction of his labour-power is crippled. the surplus-labour would in this case be prolonged only by an overstepping of its normal limits; its domain would be extended only by a usurpation of part of the domain of necessary labour-time. despite the important part which this method plays in actual practice, we are excluded from considering it in this place, by our assumption, that all commodities, including labour-power, are bought and sold at their full value. granted this, it follows that the labour-time necessary 'for the production of labour-power, or for the reproduction of its value, cannot be lessened by a fall in the labourer's wages below the value of his labour-power, but only by a fall in this value itself. given the length of the working-day, the prolongation of the surplus-labour must of necessity originate in the curtailment of the necessary labour-time; the latter cannot arise from the former. in the example we have taken, it is necessary that the value of labour-power should actually fall by one-tenth, in order that the necessary labour-time may be diminished by one-tenth, i.e., from ten h ours to nine, and in order that the surplus-labour may consequently be prolonged from two hours to three. such a fall in the value of labour-power implies, however; that the same necessaries of life which w ere formerly produced in ten hours, can now be produced in nine hours. but this is impossible without an increase in the productiveness of labour. for example, suppose a shoemaker, with given tools, makes in one working-day of twelve hours, one pair of boots. if he must make two pairs in the same time, the productiveness of his labour must be doubled; and this can not be done, except by an alteration in his tools or in his mode of working, or in both. hence, the conditions of production, i.e., his mode of production, and the labour-process itself, must be revolutionised. by increase in the productiveness of labour, we mean, generally, an alteration in the labour-process, of such a kind as to shorten the labour-time socially necessary for the production of a commodity, and to endow a given quantity of labour with the power of producing a greater quantity of use-value. hitherto in treating of surplus-value, arising from a simple prolongation of the working-day, we have assumed the mode of production to be given and invariable. but when surplus-value has to be produced by the conversion of necessary labour into surplus-labour, it by no means suffices for capital to take over the labour-process in the form under which it has been historically handed down and then simply to prolong the duration of that process. the technical and social conditions of the process, and consequently the very mode of production must be revolutionised, before the productiveness of labour can be increased. by that means alone can the value of labourpower be made to sink, and the portion of the working-day necessary for the reproduction of that value, be shortened. the surplus-value produced by prolongation of the working-day, i call absolute surplus-value. on the other hand, the surplus-value arising from the curtailment of the necessary labour-time, and from the corresponding alteration in the respective lengths of the two components of the working-day, i call relative surplus-value. in order to effect a fall in the value of labour-power, the increase in the productiveness of labour must seize upon those branches of industry, whose products determine the value of labour-power, and consequently either belong to the class of customary means of subsistence, or are capable of supplying the place of those means. but the value of a commodity is determined, not only by the quantity of labour which the labourer directly bestows upon that commodity, but also by the labour contained in the means of production .for instance, the value of a p air of boots depends, not only on the cobbler's labour, but also on the value of the leather, wax, thread, &c. hence, a fall in the value of labour-power is also brought about by an increase in the productiveness of labour, and by a corresponding cheapening of commodities in those industries which supply the instruments of labour and the raw material, that form the material elements of the constant capital required for producing the necessaries of life. but an increase in the productiveness of labour in those branches of industry which supply neither the necessaries of life, nor the means of production for such necessaries, leaves the value of labour-power undisturbed. the cheapened commodity, of course, causes only a pro tanto fall in the value of labour-power, a fall proportional to the extent of that commodity employment in the reproduction of labour-power. shirts, for instance, are a necessary means of subsistence, but are only one out of many. the totality of the necessaries of life consists, however, of various commodities, each the product of a distinct industry; and the value of each of those commodities enter as a component part into the value of labour-power. this latter value decreases with the decrease of the labour-time necessary for its reproduction; the total decrease being the sum of all the different curtailments of labour-time effected in those various and distinct industries. this general result is treated, here, as if it were the immediate result directly aimed at in each individual case. whenever an individual capitalist cheapens shirts, for instance, by increasing the productiveness of labour, he by no means necessarily aims at reducing the value of labour-power and shortening, pro tanto, the necessary labour-time. but it is only in so far as he ultimately contribtites to this result that he assists in raising the general rate of surplus-value. the general and necessary tendencies of capital must be distinguished from their forms of manifestation. it is not our intention to consider, here, the way in which the laws, immanent in capitalist production, manifest themselves in the movements of individual masses of capital, where they assert themselves as coercive laws of competition, and are brought home to the mind and consciousness of the individual capitalist as the directing motives of his operations. but this much is clear; a scientific analysis of competition is not possible, before we have a conception of the inner nature of capital, just as the apparent motions of the heavenly bodies are not intelligible to any but him, who is acquainted with their real motions, motions which are not directly perceptible by the senses. nevertheless, for the better comprehension of the production of relative surplus-value, we may add the following remarks, in which we assume nothing more than the results we have already obtained. if one hour's labour is embodied in sixpence, a value of six shillings will be produced in a working-day of 12 hours. suppose that with the prevailing productiveness of labour, 12 articles are produced in these 12 hours. let the value of the means of production used up in each article be sixpence. under these circumstances, each article costs one shilling: sixpence for the value of the means of production, and sixpence for the value newly added in working with those means. now let some one capitalist contrive to double the productiveness of labour, and to produce in the working-day of 12 hours, 24 instead of 12 such articles. the value of the means of production remaining the same, the value of each article will fall to nine pence, made up of sixpence for the value of the means of production and three pence for the value newly added by the labour. despite the doubled productiveness of labour, the day's labour creates, as before, a new value of six shillings and no more, which, however, is now spread over twice as many articles. of this value each article now has embodied in it 1/24th, instead of 1/12th, three-pence instead of sixpence; or, what amounts to the same thing, only half an hour's instead of a whole hour's labour-time, is now added to the means of production while they are being transformed into each article. the individual value of these articles is now below their social value; in other words, they have cost less labourtime than the great bulk of the same article produced under the average social conditions. each article costs, on an average, one shilling, and represents 2 hours of social labour; but under the altered mode of production it costs only nine pence, or contains only 1 1/2 hours' labour. the real value of a commodity is, however, not its individual value, but its social value; that is to say, the real value is not measured by the labour-time that the article in each individual case costs the producer, but by the labour-time socially required for its production. if therefore, the capitalist who applies the new method, sells his commodity at its social value of one shilling, he sells it for three pence above its individual value, and thus realises an extra surplus-value of three pence. on the other hand, the working-day of 12 hours is, as regards him, now represented by 24 articles instead of 12. hence, in order to get rid of the product of one working-day, the demand must be double what it was, i.e., the market must become twice as extensive. other things being equal, his commodities can command a more extended market only by a diminution of their prices. he will therefore sell them above their individual but under their social value, say at ten pence each .by this means he still squeezes an extra surplus-value of one penny out of each. this augmentation of surplus-value is pocketed by him, whether his commodities belong or not to the class of necessary means of subsistence that participate in determining the general value of labour-power. hence, independently of this latter circumstance, there is a motive for each individual capitalist to cheapen his commodities, by increasing the productiveness of labour. nevertheless, even in this case, the increased production of surplus- value arises from the curtailment of the necessary labour-time, and from the corresponding prolongation of the surplus-labour. let the necessary labour-time a mount to 10 hours, the value of a day's labour-power to five shillings, the surplus labour-time to 2 hours, and the daily surplus-value to one shilling. but the capitalist now produces 24 articles, which he sells at ten pence a-piece, making twenty shillings in all. since the value of the means of production is twelve shillings, 14 2/5 of these articles merely rep lace the constant capital advanced. the labour of the 12 hours' working-day is represented by the remaining 9 3/5 articles. since the price of the labour-power is five shillings, 6 articles represent the necessary labour-time, and 3 3/5 articles the surplus-labour. the ratio of the necessary labour to the surplus-labour, which under average social conditions was 5:1, is now only 5:3. the same result may be arrived at in the following way. the value of the product of the working-day of 12 hours is twenty shillings. of this sum, twelve shillings belong to the value of the means of production, a value that merely re-appears. there remain eight shillings, which are the expression in money, of the value newly created during the working- day. this sum is greater than the sum in which average social labour of the same kind is expressed: twelve hours of the latter labour are expressed by six shillings only. the exceptionally productive labour operates as intensified labour; it creates in equal periods of time greater values than average social labour of the same kind. but our capitalist still continues to pay as before only five shillings as the value of a day's labour-power. hence, instead of 10 hours, the labourer need now work only 7 4/5 hours, in order to reproduce this value. his surplus-labour is, therefore, increased by 2 4/5 hours, and the surplus-value he produces grows from one, into three shillings. hence, the capitalist who applies the improved method of production, appropriates to surplus-labour a greater portion of the working-day, than the other capitalists in the same trade. he does individually, what the whole body of capitalists engaged in producing relative surplus-value, do collectively. on the other hand, however, this extra surplus-value vanishes, as soon as the new method of production has become general, and has consequently caused the difference between the individual value of the cheapened commodity and its social value to vanish. the law of the determination of value by labour-time, a law which brings under its sway the individual capitalist who applies the new method of production, by compelling him to sell his goods under their social value, this same law, acting as a coercive law of competition, forces his competitors to adopt the new method. the general rate of surplus-value is, therefore, ultimately affected by the whole process, only when the increase in the productiveness of labour, has seized upon those branches of production that are connected with, and has cheapened those commodities that form part of, the necessary means of subsistence, and are therefore elements of the value of labour-power. the value of commodities is in inverse ratio to the productiveness of labour. and so, too, is the value of labour-power, because it depends on the values of commodities. relative surplus-value is, on the contrary, directly proportional to that productiveness. it rises with rising and falls with falling productiveness. the value of money being assumed to be constant, an average social working-day of 12 hours always produces the same new value, six shillings, no matter how this sum may be apportioned between surplus-value and wages. but if, in consequence of increased productiveness, the value of the necessaries of life fall, and the value of a day's labour-power be thereby reduced from five shillings to three, the surplus-value increases from one shilling to three. ten hours were necessary for the reproduction of the value of the labour-power; now only six are required. four hours have been set free, and can be annexed to the domain of surplus-labour. hence there is immanent in capital an inclination and constant tendency, to heighten the productiveness of labour, in order to cheapen commodities, and by such cheapening to cheapen the labourer himself. the value of a commodity is, in itself, of no interest to the capitalist. what alone interests him, is the surplus-value that dwells in it, and is realisable by sale. realisation of the surplus-value necessarily carries with it the refunding of the value that was advanced. now, since relative surplus-value increases in direct proportion to the development o f the productiveness of labour, while, on the other hand, the value of commodities diminishes in the same proportion; since one and the same process cheapens commodities, and augments the surplus-value contained in them; we have here the solution of the riddle: why does the capitalist, whose sole concern is the production of exchange-value, continually strive to depress the exchange-value of commodities? a riddle with which quesnay, one of the founders of political economy, tormented his opponents, and to which they could give him no answer. "you acknowledge," he says, "that the more expenses and the cost of labour can, in the manufacture of industrial products, be reduced without injury to production, the more advantageous is such reduction, because it diminishes the price of the finished article. and yet, you believe that the production of wealth, which arises from the labour of the workpeople, consists in the augmentation of the exchange" value of their products." the shortening of the working-day is, therefore, by no means what is aimed at, in capitalist production, when labour is economized by increasing its productiveness. it is only the shortening of the labour-time, necessary for the production of a definite quantity of commodities that is aimed at. the fact that the workman, when the productiveness of his labour has been increased, produces, say 10 times as many commodities as before, and thus spends one tenth as much labour-time on each, by no means prevents him from continuing to work 12 hours as before, nor from producing in those 12 hours 1,200 articles instead of 120. nay, more, his working- day may be prolonged at the same time, so as to make him produce, say 1,400 articles in 14 hours. in the treatises, therefore, of economists of the stamp of macculloch, ure, senior, and tutti quanti, we may read upon one page, that the labourer owes a debt of gratitude to capital for developing his productiveness, because the necessary labour-time is thereby shortened, and on the next page, that h e must prove his gratitude by working in future for 15 hours instead o f 10. the object of all development of the productiveness of labour, within the limits of capitalist production, is to shorten that part of the working-day, during which the workman must labour for his own benefit, and by that very shortening, to lengthen the other part of the day, during which he is at liberty to work gratis for the capitalist. how far this result is also attainable, without cheapening commodities, will appear from an examination of the particular modes of producing relative surplus-value, to which examination we now proceed. chapter xiii. co-operation capitalist production only then really begins, as we have already seen, when each individual capital employs simultaneously a comparatively large number of labourers; when consequently the labour-process is carried on on an extensive scale and yields, relatively, large quantities of products. a greater number of labourers working together, at the same time, in one place (or, if you will, in the same field of labour), in order to produce the same sort of commodity under the mastership of one capitalist, constitutes, both historically and logically, the starting-point of capitalist production. with regard to the mode of production itself, manufacture, in its strict meaning, is hardly to be distinguished, in its earliest stages, from the handicraft trades of the guilds, otherwise than by the greater number of workmen simultaneously employed by one and the same individual capital. the workshop of the medireval master handicraftsman is simply enlarged. * * * we saw in a former chapter, that a certain minimum amount of capital was necessary, in order that the number of labourers simultaneously employed, and consequently, the amount of surplusvalue produced, might suffice to liberate the employer himself from manual labour, to convert him from a small master into a capitalist, and thus formally to establish capitalist production. we now see that a certain minimum amount is a necessary condition for the conversion of numerous isolated and independent processes into one combined social process. we also saw that at first, the subjection of labour to capital was only a formal result of the fact, that the labourer, instead of working for himself, works for and consequently under the capitalist. by the co-operation of numerous wage-labourers, the sway of capital develops into a requisite for carrying on the labour-process itself, into a real requisite of production. that a capitalist should command on the field of production, is now as indispensable as that a general should command on the field of battle. all combined labour on a large scale requires, more or less, a directing authority, in order to secure the harmonious working of the individual activities, and to perform the general functions that have their origin in the action of the combined organism, as distinguished from the action of its separate organs. a single violin player is his own conductor; an orchestra requires a separate ones. the work of directing, superintending, and adjusting, becomes one of the functions of capital, from the moment that the labour under the control of capital, becomes co-operative. once a function of capital, it acquires special characteristics. the directing motive, the end and aim of capitalist production, is to extract the greatest possible amount of surplus-value, and consequently to exploit labour-power to the greatest possible extent. as the number of the co-operating labourers increases, so too does their resistance to the domination of .capital, and with it, the necessity for capital to overcome this resistance by counter-pressure. the control exercised by the capitalist is not only a special function, due to the nature of the social labour-process, and peculiar to that process, but it is, at the same time, a function of the exploitation of a social labour-process, and is consequently rooted in the unavoidable antagonism between the exploiter and the living and labouring raw material he exploits. again, in proportion to the increasing mass o f the means of production, now no longer the property of the labourer, but of the capitalist, the necessity increases for, some effective control over the proper application of those means. moreover, the co-operation of wage-labourers is entirely brought about by the capital that employs them. their union into one single productive body and the establishment of a connexion between their individual functions are matters foreign and external to them, are not their own act, but the act of the capital that brings and keeps them together, hence the connexion existing between their various labours appears to them, ideally, in the shape of a preconceived plan of the capitalist, and practically in the shape of the authority of the same capitalist, in the shape of the powerful will of another, who subjects their activity to his aims. if, then, the control of the capitalist is in substance two-fold by reason of the two-fold nature of the process of production itself,-which, on the one hand, is a social process for producing use-values, on the other, a process for creating surplus value-in form that control is despotic. as co-operation extends its scale, this despotism takes forms peculiar to itself. just as at first the capitalist is relieved from actual labour so 500n as his capital has reached that minimum amount with which capitalist production, as such, begins, so now, he hands over the work of direct and constant supervision of the individual workmen, and groups of workmen, to a special kind of wage-labourer. an industrial army of workmen, under the command of a capitalist, requires, like a real army, officers (managers), and sergeants (foremen, over lookers), who, while the work is being done, command in the name of the capitalist. the work of supervision becomes their established and exclusive function. when comparing the mode of production of isolated peasants and artisans with production by slave-labour the political economist counts this labour of superintendence among the faux frais of production but, when considering the capitalist mode of production, he, on the contrary, treats the work of control made necessary by the co-operative character of the labour-process as identical with the different work of control, necessitated by the capitalist character of that process and the antagonism of interests between capitalist and labourer. it is not because he is a leader of industry that a man is a capitalist; on the contrary, he is a leader of industry because he is a capitalist. the leadership of industry is an attribute of capital just as in feudal times the functions of general and judge, were attributes of landed property. the labourer is the owner of his labour-power until he has done bargaining for its sale with the capitalist; and he can sell no more than what he has-i.e., his' individual, isolated labour-power. this state of things is in no way altered by the fact that the capitalist, instead of buying the labour-power of one man, buys that of 100, and enters into separate contracts with 100 unconnected men instead of with one. he is at liberty to set the 100 men to work, without letting them co-operate. he pays them the value of 100 independent labour-powers, but he does not pay for the combined labour-power of the hundred. being independent of each other, the labourers are isolated persons, who enter into relations with the capitalist, but not with one another. this co-operation begins only with the labour-process, but they have then ceased to belong to themselves. on entering that process, they become incorporated with capital. as co-operators, as members of a working organism they are but special modes of existence of capital. hence, the productive pow.er developed by the labourer when working in co-operation, is the productive power of capital. this power is developed gratuitously, whenever the workmen are placed under given conditions, and it is capital that places them under such conditions. because this power costs capital nothing, and because, on the other hand, the labourer himself does not develop it before his labour belongs to capital, it appears as a power with which capital is endowed by nature-a productive power that is immanent in capital. the colossal effects of simple co-operation are to be seen in the gigantic structures of the ancient asiatics, egyptians, etruscans,' &c. "it has happened in times past that these oriental states, after supplying the expenses of their civil and military establishments, have found themselves in possession of a surplus which they could apply to works of magnificence or utility and in the construction of these their command over the hands and arms of almost the entire nonagricultural population has produced stupendous monuments which still indicate their power. the teeming valley of the nile... produced food for a swarming non-agricultural population, and this food, belonging to the monarch and the priesthood, afforded the means of erecting the mighty monuments which filled the land . . . . in moving the colossal statues and vast masses of which the transport creates wonder, human labour almost alone, was prodigally used . . . . the number of the labourers and the concentration of their efforts sufficed. we see mighty coral reefs rising from the depths of the ocean into islands and firm land, yet each individual depositor is puny, weak, and contemptible. the non-agricultural labourers of an asiatic monarchy have little but their individual bodily exertions to bring to the task, but their number is their strength, and the power of directing these masses gave rise to the palaces and temples, the pyramids, and the armies of gigantic statues of which the remains astonish and perplex us. it is that confinement of the revenues which feed them, to one or a few hands, which makes such undertakings possible." this power of asiatic and egyptian kings, etruscan theocrats, &c., has in modern society been transferred to the capitalist, whether he be an isolated, or as in joint-stock companies, a collective capitalist. co-operation, such as we find it at the dawn of human development, among races who live by the chase, or, say, in the agriculture of indian communities, is based, on the one hand, on ownership in common of the means of production, and on the other hand, on the fact, that in those cases, each individual has no more torn himself off from the navel-string of his tribe or community, than each bee has freed itself from connexion with the hive. such co-operation is distinguished from capitalistic co-operation b y both of the above characteristics. the sporadic application of co-operation on a large scale in ancient times, in the middle ages and in modern colonies, reposes on relations of dominion and servitude, principally on slavery. the capitalistic form, on the contrary, pre-supposes from first to last, the free wage-labourer, who sells his labour power to capital. historically, however, this form is developed in opposition to peasant agriculture and to the carrying on of independent handicrafts whether in guilds or not. from the standpoint of these, capitalistic co-operation does not manifest itself as a particular historical form of co-operation, but co-operation itself appears to be a historical form peculiar to, and specifically distinguishing, the capitalist process of production. just as the social productive power of labour that is developed by co-operation, appears to be the productive power of capital, so co-operation itself, contrasted with the process of production carried on by isolated independent labourers, or even by small employers, appears to be a specific form of the capitalist process of production. it is the first change experienced by the actual labour-process, when subjected to capital. this change takes place spontaneously. the simultaneous employment of a large number of wage-labourers, in one and the same process, which is a necessary condition of this change, also forms the starting-point of capitalist production. this point coincides with the birth of capital itself. if then, on the one hand, the capitalist mode of production presents itself to us historically, as a necessary condition to the transformation of the labour-process into a social process, so, on the other hand, this social form of the labour-process presents itself, as a method employed by capital for the more profitable exploitation of labour, by increasing that labour's productiveness. in the elementary form, under which we have hitherto viewed it, co-operation is a necessary concomitant of all production on a large scale, but it does not, in itself, represent a fixed form characteristic of a particular epoch in the development of the capitalist mode of production. at the most it appears to do so, and that only approximately, in the handicraft-like beginnings of manufacture, and in that kind of agriculture on a large scale, which corresponds to the epoch of manufacture, and is distinguished from peasant agriculture, mainly by the number of the labourers simultaneously employed, and by the mass of the means of production concentrated for their use. simple co-operation is always the prevailing form, in those branches of production in which capital operates on a large scale and division of labour and machinery play but a subordinate part. co-operation ever constitutes the fundamental form of the capitalist mode of production; nevertheless the elementary form of co-operation continues to subsist as a particular form of capitalist production side by side with the more developed forms of that mode of production. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- notes : 3. "reason is just as cunning as she is powerful. her cunning consists principally in her mediating activity, which, by causing objects to act and re-act on each other in accordance with their own nature, i n this way, without any direct interference in the process carries out reason's intentions." (hegel: "enzyklopadie, erster theil, die logik," berlin, 1840, p. 3 82.) 4. these figures are quite arbitrary. 5. "the name being changed, this story is about you" (horace, satires, i, i, 6 9-70). ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- chapter xiv. division of labour and manufacture section 1. two-fold origin of manufacture (1) by the assemblage, in one workshop under the control of a single capitalist, of labourers belonging to various independent handicrafts, but through whose hands a given article must pass on its way to completion. a carriage, for example, was formerly the product of the labour of a great number of independent artificers, such as wheelwrights, harness-makers, tailors, locksmiths, upholsterers, turners, fringe-makers, glaziers, painters, polishers, gilders, &c. in the manufacture of carriages, however, all these different artificers are assembled in one building where they work into one another's hands. * * * (2) manufacture also arises in a way exactly the reverse of this-namely, by one capitalist employing simultaneously in one workshop a number of artificers, who all do the same, or the same kind of work, such as making paper, type, or needles. this is co-operation in its most elementary form. each of these artificers (with the help, perhaps, of one or two apprentices), makes the entire commodity, and he consequently performs in succession all the operations necessary for its production. he still works in his old handicraft-like way. but very soon external circumstances cause a different use to be made of the concentration of the workmen on one spot, and of the simultaneousness of their work. an increased quantity o f the article has perhaps to be delivered within a given time. the work is therefore re-distributed. instead of each man being allowed to perform all the various operations in succession, these operations are changed into disconnected, isolated ones, carried on side by side; each is assigned to a different artificer, and the whole of them together are performed simultaneously by the co-operating workmen. * * * the mode in which manufacture arises, its growth out of handicrafts, is therefore two-fold. on the one hand, it arises from the union of various independent handicrafts, which become stripped of their independence and specialised to such an extent as to be reduced to mere supplementary partial processes in the production of one particular commodity. on the other hand, it arises from the co-operation of artificers of one handicraft; it splits up that particular handicraft into its various detail operations, isolating, and making these operations independent of one another up to the point where each becomes the exclusive function of a particular labourer. on the one hand, therefore, manufacture either introduces division of labour into a process of production, or further develops that division; on the other hand, it unites together handicrafts that were formerly separate. but whatever may have been its particular starting-point, its final form is invariably the same-a productive mechanism whose parts are human beings. * * * section 2. the detail labourer and his implements if we now go more into detail, it is, in the first place, clear that a labourer who all his life performs one and the same simple operation, converts his whole body into the automatic, specialised implement of that operation. consequently, he takes less time in doing it, than the artificer who performs a whole series of operations in succession. but the collective labourer, who constitutes the living mechanism of manufacture, is made up solely of such specialized detail labourers. hence, in comparison with the independent handicraft, more is produced in a given time, or the productive power of labour is increased. moreover, when once this fractional work is established as the exclusive function of one person, the methods it employs become perfected. the workman's continued repetition of the same simple act, and the concentration of his attention on it, teach him by experience how to attain the desired effects with the minimum of exertion. but since there are always several generations of labourers living at one time, and working together at the manufacture of a given article, the technical skill, the tricks of the trade thus acquired, become established, and are accumulated and handed down. manufacture, in fact, produces the skill of the detail labourer, by reproducing, and systematically driving to an extreme within the workshop, the naturally developed differentiation of trades, which it found ready to hand in society at large. on the other hand, the conversion of fractional work into the life-calling of one man, corresponds to the tendency shown by earlier societies, to make trades hereditary; either to petrify them into castes, or whenever definite historical conditions beget in the individual a tendency to vary in a manner incompatible with the nature of castes , to ossify them into guilds. * * * an artificer, who performs one after another the various fractional operations in the production of a finished article, must at one time change his place, at another his tools. the transition from one operation to another interrupts the flow of his labour, and creates, so to say, gaps in his working-day. these gaps close up as soon as he is tied to one and the same operation all day long; they vanish in proportion as the changes in his work diminish. the resulting increased productive power is owing either to an increased expenditure of labour-power in a given time-i.e., to increased intensity" of labour-or to a decrease in the amount of labour-power unproductively consumed. the extra expenditure of power, demanded by every transition from rest to motion, is made up for by prolonging the duration of the normal velocity when once acquired. on the other hand, constant labour of one uniform kind disturbs the intensity and flow of a man's animal spirits, which find recreation and delight in mere change of activity. * * * early in the manufacturing period, the principle of lessening the necessary labour-time in the production of commodities was accepted and formulated: and the use of machines, especially for certain simple first processes that have to be conducted on a very large scale, and with the application of great force, sprang up here and there. thus, at an early period in paper manufacture, the tearing up of the rags was done by paper-mills; and in metal works, the pounding of the ores was effected by stamping mills. the roman empire had handed down the elementary form of all machinery in the water-wheel. the handicraft period bequeathed to us the great inventions of the compass, of gunpowder, of type-printing, and of the automatic clock. but, on the whole, machinery played that subordinate part which adam smith assigns to it in comparison with division of labour. the sporadic use of machinery in the 17th century was of the greatest importance, because it supplied the great mathematicians of that time with a practical basis and stimulant to the creation of the science of mechanics. the collective labourer, formed by the combination of a number of detail labourers, is the machinery specially characteristic of the manufacturing period. the various operations that are performed in turns by the producer of a commodity, and coalesce one with another during the progress of production, lay claim to him in various ways. in one operation he must exert more strength, in another more skill, in another more attention; and the same individual does not possess all these qualities in an equal degree. after manufacture has once separated, made independent, and isolated the various operations, the labourers are divided, classified, arid grouped according to their predominating qualities. if their natural endowments are, on the one hand, the foundation on which ,the division of labour is built up, on the other hand, manufacture, once introduced, develops in them new powers that are by nature fitted only for limited and special functions. the collective labourer now possesses, in an equal degree of excellence, all the qualities requisite for production, and expends them in the most economical manner, by exclusively employing all his organs, consisting of particular labourers, or groups of labourers, in performing their special functions. the one-sidedness and the deficiencies of the detail labourer become perfections when he is a part of the collective labourer. the habit of doing only one thing converts him into a never failing instrument, while his connexian with the whale mechanism campels him to' work with the regularity of the parts of a machine. since the collective labourer has functions, bath simple and compiex, bath high and law, his members, the individual labour powers, require different degrees of training, and must therefore have different values. manufacture, therefore, develops a hierarchy of labour-powers, to which there corresponds a scale of wages. if, the one hand, the individual labourers are appropriated and annexed far life by a limited function; and the other hand, the various operations of the hierarchy are parceled out among the labourers according to' bath their natural and their acquired capabilities .every process of production, however, requires certain simple manipulations, which every man is capable of doing. they too are now severed from their connexian with the mare pregnant moments of activity, and ossified into exclusive functions of specially appointed labourers. hence, manufacture begets, in every handicraft that it seizes upon, a class of so-called unskilled labaurers, a class which handicraft industry strictly excluded. * * * section 4. division of labour in manufacture, and division of labour in society we first considered the origin of manufacture, then its simple elements, then the detail labourer and his implements, and finally, the totality of the mechanism. we shall now lightly touch upon the relation between the division of labour in manufacture, and the social division of labour, which farms the -foundation of all production of commodities. if we keep labour alone in view, we may designate the separation of social production into its main divisions or genera-viz., agriculture, industries, &c., as division of labour in general, and the splitting up of these families into species and sub-species, as division of labour in particular, and the division of labour within the workshop as division of labour in singular or in detail. division of labour in a society, and the corresponding tying dawn of individuals to' a particular calling, develops itself, just as does the division of labour in manufacture, from apposite starting-paints. within a family, and after further development with a tribe, there springs up naturally a division of labour, caused by differences of sex and age, a division that is consequently based an a purely physiological foundation, which division enlarges its materials by the expansion of the community, by the increase of population, and mare especially, by the conflicts between different tribes, and the subjugation of one tribe by another. on the other hand, as i have before remarked, the exchange of products springs up at the points where different families, tribes, communities, come in contact; for, in the beginning of civilisation, it is not private individuals but families, tribes, &c ., that meet on an independent footing. different communities find different means of production and different means of subsistence in their natural environment. hence, their modes of production, and of living, and their products are different. it is this spontaneously developed difference which, when different communities come in contact, calls forth the mutual exchange of products, and the consequent gradual conversion of those products into commodities. * * * the foundation of every division of labour that is well developed, and brought about by the exchange of commodities, is the separation between town and country. it may be said, that the whole economic history of society is summed up in the movement of this antithesis. we pass it over, however, for the present. just as a certain number of simultaneously employed labourers are the material pre-requisites for division of labour in manufacture, so are the number and density of the populations, which here correspond to the agglomeration in one workshop, a necessary condition for the division of labour in society. nevertheless, this density is more or less relative. a relatively thinly populated country, with well-developed means of communication, has a denser population than' a more numerously populated country, with badly-developed means of communication; and in this sense the northern states of the american union, for instance, are more thickly populated than india. since the production and the circulation of commodities are the general pre-requisites of the capitalist mode of production, division of labour in manufacture demands, that division of labour in society at large should previously have attained a certain degree of development. inversely, the former division reacts upon and develops and multiplies the latter. simultaneously, with the differentiation of the instruments of labour, the industries that produce these instruments become more and more differentiated. if the manufacturing system seize upon an industry, which, previously, was carried on in connexion with others, either as a chief or as a subordinate industry, and by one producer, these industries immediately separate their connexion, and become independent. if it seizes upon a particular stage in the p roduction of a commodity, the other stages of its production become converted into so many independent industries. it has al ready been stated, that where the finished article consists merely of a n umber of parts fitted together, the detail operations may re-establish themselves as genuine and separate handicrafts. in order to carry out more perfectly the division of labour in manufacture, a single branch of production is, according to the varieties of its raw material, or the various forms that one and the same raw material may assume, split up into numerous, and to some extent, entirely new manufactures. accordingly, in france alone, in the first half of the 18th century, over 100 different kinds of silk stuffs were woven, and, in avignon, it was law, that "every apprentice should devote himself to only one sort of fabrication, and should not learn the preparation of several kinds of stuff at once." the territorial division of labour, which confines special b ranches of production to special districts of a country, acquires fresh stimulus from the manufacturing system, which exploits every special advantage. the colonial system and the opening out of the markets of the world, both of which are included in the general conditions of existence of the manufacturing period, furnish rich material for developing the division of labour in society. it is not the place, here, to go on to show how division of labour seizes upon, not only the economic, but every other sphere of society, and everywhere lays the foundation of that all engrossing system of specialising and sorting men, that development in a man of one single faculty at the expense of all other faculties, which caused a. ferguson, the master of adam smith, to exclaim: "we make a nation of helots, and have no free citizens." but, in spite of the numerous analogies and links connecting them, division of labour in the interior of a society, and that in the interior of a workshop, differ not only in degree, but also in kind. the analogy appears most indisputable where there is an invisible bond uniting the various branches of trade. for instance the cattle-breeder produces hides, the tanner makes the hides into leather, and the shoemaker, the leather into boots. here the thing produced by each of them is but a step towards the final form, which is the product of all their labours combined. there are, besides, all the various industries that supply the cattle-breeder, the tanner, and the shoemaker with the means of production. now it is quite possible t o imagine, with adam smith, that the difference between the above social division of labour, and the division in manufacture, is merely subjective, exists merely for the observer, who, in a manufacture, can see with one glance, all the numerous operations being performed on one spot, while in the instance given above; the spreading out of the work over great areas, and the great number of people employed in each branch of labour, obscure the connexion. but what is it that forms the bond between the independent labours of the cattle-breeder, the tanner, and the shoemaker? it is the fact that their respective products are commodities. what, on the other hand, characterises division of labour in manufactures? the fact that the detail labourer produces no commodities, it is only the common product of all the detail labourers that becomes a commodity. division of labour in society is brought about by the purchase and sale of the products of different branches of industry while the connexion between the detail operations in a workshop, is due to the sale of the labour-power of several workmen to one capitalist, who applies it as combined labour-power. the division of labour in the workshop implies concentration of the means of production in the hands of one capitalist; the division of labour in society implies their dispersion among many independent producers of commodities. while within the workshop, the iron law of proportionality subjects’ definite numbers of workmen to definite functions, in the society outside the workshop, chance and caprice have full play in distributing the producers and their means of production among the various branches of industry. the different spheres of production, it is true, constantly tend to an equilibrium: for, on the one hand, while each producer of a commodity is bound to produce a use-value, to satisfy a particular social want, and while the extent of these wants differs quantitatively, still there exists an inner relation which settles their proportions into a regular system, and that system one of spontaneous growth; and, on the other hand, the law of the value of commodities ultimately determines how much of its disposable workingtime society can expend on each particular class of commodities. but this constant tendency to equilibrium, of the various spheres of production, is exercised, only in the shape of a reaction against the constant upsetting of this equilibrium. the a priori system on which the division of labour, within the workshop, is regularly carried out, becomes in the division of labour within the society, an a posteriori, nature-imposed, necessity, controlling the lawless caprice of the producers, and perceptible in the barometrical fluctuations of the market-prices. division of labour within the workshop implies the undisputed authority of the capitalist over men that are but parts of a mechanism that belongs to him. the division of labour within the society brings into contact independent commodity producers, who acknowledge no other authority but that of competition, of the coercion exerted by the pressure of their mutual interests; just as in the animal kingdom, the bellum omnium contra omnes more or less preserves the conditions of existence of every species. the same bourgeois mind which praises division of labour in the workshop, life-long annexation of the labourer to a partial operation, and his complete subjection to capital, as being an organization of labour that increases its productiveness-that same bourgeois mind denounces with equal vigour every conscious attempt to socially control and regulate the process of production, as an inroad upon such sacred things as the rights of property, freedom and unrestricted play for the bent of the individual capitalist. it is very characteristic that the enthusiastic apologists of the factory system have nothing more damning to urge against a general organisation of the labour of society, than that it would turn all society into one immense factory. if, in a society with capitalist production, anarchy in the social division of labour and despotism in that of the workshop are mutual conditions the one of the other, we find, on the contrary, in those earlier forms of society in which the separation of trades has been spontaneously developed, then crystallised, and finally made permanent by law, on the one hand, a specimen of the organization of the labour of society, in accordance with an approved and authoritative plan, and on the other, the entire exclusion of division of labour in the workshop, or at all events a mere dwarf-like or sporadic and accidental development of the same. those small and extremely ancient indian communities, some of which have continued down to this day, are based on possession in common of the land, on the blending of agriculture and handicrafts, and on an unalterable division of labour, which serves, whenever a new community is started, as a plan and scheme ready cut and dried. * * * the law that regulates the division of labour in the community acts with the irresistible authority of a law of nature, at the same time that each individual artificer, the smith, the carpenter, and so on, conducts in his workshop all the operations of his handicraft in the traditional way, but independently, and without recognising any authority over him. the simplicity of the organisation for production in these self-sufficing communities that constantly reproduce themselves in the same form, and when accidentally destroyed, spring up again on the spot and with the same name-this simplicity supplies the key to the secret of the unchangeableness of asiatic societies, an unchangeableness in such striking contrast with the constant dissolution and refounding of asiatic states, and the never-ceasing changes of dynasty. the structure of the economic elements of society remains untouched by the storm-clouds of the political sky. the rules of the guilds, as i have said before, by limiting most strictly the number of apprentices and journeymen that a single master could employ, prevented him from becoming a capitalist. moreover, he could not employ his journeymen in many other handicrafts than the one in which he was a master. the guilds zealously repelled every encroachment by the capital of merchants, the only form of free capital with which they came in contact. a merchant could buy every kind of commodity, but labour as a commodity he could not buy. he existed only on sufferance, as a dealer in the products of the handicrafts. if circumstances called for a further division of labour, the existing guilds split themselves up into varieties, or founded new guilds by the side of the old ones; all this, however, without concentrating various handicrafts in a single workshop. hence, the guild organisation, however much it may have contributed by separating, isolating, and perfecting the handicrafts, to create the material conditions for the existence of manufacture, excluded division of labour in the workshop. on the whole, the labourer and his means of production remained closely united, like the snail with its shell, and thus there wanted the principal basis of manufacture, the separation of the labourer from his means of production, and the conversion of these means into capital. while division of labour in society at large, whether such division be brought about or not by exchange of commodities, is common to economic formations of society the most diverse, division of labour in the workshop, as practised by manufacture, is a special creation of the capitalist mode of production alone. section 5. the capitalistic character of manufacture an increased number of labourers under the control of one capitalist is the natural starting-point, as well of co-operation generally, as of manufacture in particular, but the division of labour in manufacture makes this increase in the number of workmen a technical necessity. the minimum number that any given capitalist is bound to employ is here prescribed by the previously established division of labour. on the other hand, the advantages of further division are obtainable only by adding to the number of workmen, and this can be done only by adding multiples of the various detail groups. but an increase in the variable component of the capital employed necessitates an increase in its constant component, too, in the workshops, implements, &c., and, in particular, in the raw material, the call for which grows quicker than the number of workmen. the quantity of it consumed in a given time, by a given amount of labour, increases in the same ratio as does the productive power of that labour in consequence of its division. hence, it is a law, based. on the very nature of manufacture, that the minimum amount of capital, which is bound to be in the hands of each capitalist, must keep increasing; in other words, that the transformation into capital of the social means of production and subsistence must keep extending. in manufacture, as well as in simple co-operation, the collective working organism is a form of existence of capital. the mechanism that is made up of numerous individual detail labourers belongs to the capitalist. hence, the productive power resulting from a combination of labours appears to be the productive power of capital. manufacture proper not only subjects the previously independent workman to the discipline and command of capital, but, in addition, creates a hierarchic gradation of the workmen themselves. while simple co-operation leaves the mode of working by the individual for the most part unchanged, manufacture thoroughly revolutionizes it, and seizes labour-power by its very roots. it converts the labourer into a crippled monstrosity, by forcing his detail dexterity at the expense of a world of productive capabilities and instincts; just as in the states of la plata they butcher a whole beast for the sake of his hide or his tallow. not only is the detail work distributed to the different individuals, but the individual himself is made the automatic motor of a fractional operation, and the absurd fable of menenius agrippa, which makes man a mere fragment of his own body, becomes realised. if, at first, the workman sells his labour-power to capital, because the material means of producing a commodity fail him, now his very labour-power refuses its services unless it has been sold to capital. its functions can be exercised only in an environment that exists in the workshop of the capitalist after the sale. by nature unfitted to make anything independently, the manufacturing labourer develops productive activity as it mere appendage of the capitalist's workshop. as the chosen people bore in their features the sign manual of jehovah, so division of labour brands the manufacturing workman as the property of capital. the knowledge, the judgment, and the will, which, though in ever so small a degree, are practised by the independent peasant or handicraftsman , in the same way as the savage makes the whole art of war consist in the exercise of his personal cunning-these faculties are now required only for the workshop as a whole. intelligence in production expands in one direction, because it vanishes in many others. that is lost by the detail labourers, is concentrated in the capital that employs them. it is a result of the division of labour in manufactures that the labourer is brought face to face with the intellectual potencies of the material process of production, as the property of another, and as a ruling power. this separation begins in simple co-operation, where the capitalist represents to the single workman, the oneness and the will of the associated labour. it is developed in manufacture which cuts down the labourer into a detail labourer. it is completed in modern industry, which makes science a productive force distinct from labour and presses it into the service of capital. in manufacture, in order to make the collective labourer, and through him capital, rich in social productive power, each labourer must be made poor in individual productive powers. "ignorance is the mother of industry as well as of superstition. reflection and fancy are subject to err; but a habit of moving the hand or the foot is independent of either. manufactures, accordingly, prosper most where the mind is least consulted, and where the workshop may . . . be considered as an engine, the parts of which are men; " as a matter of fact, some few manufacturers in the middle of the 18th century preferred for certain operations that were trade secrets, to employ half-idiotic persons. "the understandings of the greater part of men," says adam smith, "are necessarily formed by their ordinary employments. the man whose whole life is spent in performing a few simple operations . . . has no occasion to exert his understanding . . . . he generally becomes as stupid and ignorant as it is possible for a human creature to become." after describing the stupidity of the detail labourer he goes on: "the uniformity of his stationary life naturally corrupts the courage of his mind. . . . it corrupts even the activity of his body and renders him incapable of exerting his strength with vigour and perseverance in any other employments than that to which he has been bred. his dexterity at his own particular trade seems in this manner to be acquired at the expense of his intellectual, social, and martial virtues. but in every improved and civilised society, this is the state into which the labouring poor, that is, the great body of the people, must necessarily fall." for preventing the complete deterioration of the great mass of the people by division of labour, a. smith recommends education of the people by the state, but prudently, and in homeopathic doses. g. garnier, his french translator and commentator, who, under the first french empire, quite naturally developed into a senator, quite as naturally opposes him on this point. education of the masses, he urges, violates the first law of the division of labour, and with it "our whole social system would be proscribed." "like all other divisions of labour," he says, "that between hand labour and head labour is more pronounced and decided in proportion as society ( he rightly uses this word, for capital, landed property and their state ) becomes richer. this division of labour, like every other, is an effect of past, and a cause of future progress . . . ough the government then to work in opposition to this division of labour, and to hinder its natural course? ought it to expend a part of the public money in the attempt to confound and blend together two classes of labour, which are striving after division and separation?” some crippling of body and mind is inseparable even from division of labour in society as a whole. since, however, manufacture carries this social separation of branches of labour much further, and also, by its peculiar division, attacks the individual at the very roots of his life it is the first to afford the materials for, and to give a start to, industrial pathology. "to subdivide a man is to execute him, if he deserves the sentence, to assassinate him if he does not. . . . the subdivision of labour is the assassination of a people." co-operation based on division of labour, in other words, manufacture, commences as a spontaneous formation. as soon as it attains some consistence and extension, it becomes the recognized methodical and systematic form of capitalist production. history shows how the division of labour peculiar to manufacture, strictly so called, acquires the best adapted form at first by experience, as it were behind the backs of the actors, and then, like the guild handicrafts, strives to hold fast that form when once found, and here and there succeeds in keeping it for centuries. any alteration in this form, except in trivial matters, is solely owing to a revolution in the instruments of labour. modern manufacture wherever it arises-i do not here allude to modern industry based on machinery—either finds the disjecta membra poetre ready to hand, and only waiting to be collected together, as is the case in the manufacture of clothes in large towns, or it can easily apply the principle of division, simply by exclusively assigning the various operations of a handicraft (such as book-binding) to particular men. in such cases, a week's experience is enough to determine the proportion between the numbers of the hands necessary for the various functions. by decomposition of handicrafts, by specialisation of the instruments of labour, by the formation of detail labourers, and by grouping and combining the latter into a single mechanism, division of labour in manufacture creates a qualitative gradation, and a quantitative proportion in the social process of production; it consequently creates a definite organisation of the labour of society, and thereby develops at the same time new productive forces in the society. in its specific capitalist form-and under the given conditions, it could take no other form than a capitalistic one manufacture is but a particular method of begetting relative surplus-value, or of augmenting at the expense o f the labourer the self-expansion of capital-usually called social wealth, "wealth of nations," &c. it increases the social productive power of labour, not only for the benefit of the capitalist instead of for that of the labourer, but it does this by crippling the individual labourers. it creates new conditions for the lordship of capital over labour. if, therefore, on the one hand, it presents itself historically as a progress and as a necessary phase in the economic development of society, on the other hand, it is a refined and civilized method of exploitation. political economy, which as an independent science, first sprang into being during the period of manufacture, views the social division of labour only from the standpoint of manufacture, and sees in it only the means of producing more commodities with a given quantity of labour, and, consequently, of cheapening commodities and hurrying on the accumulation of capital. in most striking contrast with this accentuation of quantity and exchange-value, is the attitude of the writers of classical antiquity, who hold exclusively by quality and use-value. in consequence of the separation of the social branches of production, commodities are better made, the various bents and talents of men select a suitable field, and without some restraint no important results can be obtained anywhere. hence both product and producer are improved by division of labour. if the growth of the quantity produced is occasionally mentioned, this is only done with reference to the greater abundance of use values. there is not a word alluding to exchange-value or to the cheapening of commodities. this aspect, from the standpoint of use-value alone, is taken as well by plato, who treats division of labour as the foundation on which the division of society into classes is based, as by xenophon, who with characteristic bourgeois instinct, approaches more nearly to division of labour within the workshop. plato's republic, in so far as division of labour is treated in it, as the formative principle of the state, is merely the athenian idealization of the egyptian system of castes, egypt having served as the model of an industrial country to many of his contemporaries also, amongst others to isocrates, and it continued to have this importance to the greeks of the roman empire. during the manufacturing period proper, i.e., the period during which manufacture is the predominant form taken by capitalist production, many obstacles are opposed to the full development of the peculiar tendencies of manufacture. although manufacture creates, as we have already seen, a simple separation of the labourers into skilled and unskilled, simultaneously with their hierarchic arrangement in classes, yet the number of the unskilled labourers, owing to the preponderating influence of the skilled, remains very limited. although it adapts the detail operations to the various degrees of maturity, strength, and development of the living instruments of labour thus conducing to exploitation of women and children, yet this tendency as a whole is wrecked on the habits and the resistance of the male labourers. although the splitting up of handicrafts lowers the cost of forming the workman, and thereby lowers his value, yet for the more difficult detail work, a longer apprenticeship is necessary, and, even where it would be superfluous, is jealously insisted upon by the workmen. in england, for instance, we find the laws of apprenticeship, with their seven years' probation, in full force down to the end of the manufacturing period; and they are not thrown on one side till the advent of modern industry. since handicraft skill is the foundation of manufacture and since the mechanism of manufacture as a whole possesses no framework, apart from the labourers themselves, capital is constantly compelled to wrestle with the insubordination of the workmen. "by the infirmity of human nature," says friend ure," it happens that the more skilful the workman, the more self-willed and intractable he is apt to become, and of course the less fit a component of a mechanical system in which . . . he may do great damage to the whole." hence throughout the whole manufacturing period there runs the complaint of want of discipline among the workmen. and had we not the testimony of contemporary' writers, the simple facts, that during the period between the 1 6th century and the epoch of modern industry, capital failed to become the master of the whole disposable working-time of the manufacturing labourers, that manufacturers are short-lived, and change their locality from one country to another with the emigrating or immigrating workmen, these 'facts would speak volumes. "order must in one way or another be established," exclaims in 1770 the oft-cited author of the "essay on trade and commerce." "order," re-echoes dr. andrew ure 66 years later, "order" was wanting in manufacture based on "the scholastic dogma of division of labour," and "arkwright created order." at the same time manufacture was unable, either to seize upon the production of society to its full extent, or to revolutionise that production to its very core. it towered up as an economic work of art, on the broad foundation of the town handicrafts, and of the rural domestic industries. at a given stage in its development, the narrow technical basis on which manufacture rested, came into conflict with requirements of production that were created by manufacture itself. one of its most finished creations was the workshop for the production of the instruments of labour themselves including especially the complicated mechanical apparatus then already employed. a machine-factory, says ure, "displayed t h e division of labour in manifold gradations-the file, the drill, the lathe, having e a c h its different workman in the order of skill." (p. 21.) this workshop, the product of the division of labour in manufacture, produced in. its turn-machines. it is they that swept away the handicraftsman's work as the regulating principle of social production. thus, on the one hand, the technical reason for the life-long annexation of the workman to a detail function is removed. on the other hand, the fetters that this same principle laid on the dominion of capital fall away. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- notes : 6. g. garnier, vol. v of his translation of a. smith, pp. 4-5. 7. the simple belief in the inventive genius exercised a priori by the individual capitalist in division of labour, exists now-a-days only among german professors, of the stamp of herr roscher, who, to recompense the capitalist from whose jovian head division of labour sprang ready formed, dedicates to him "various wages" (diverse arbeitshihne ). the more or less extensive application of division of labour depends on length of purse, not on greatness of genius. 8. with plato, division o f labour within the community is a development from the multifarious requirements, and the limited capacities o f individuals. the main point with him is, that the labourer must adapt himself to the work, not the work to the labourer; which latter is unavoidable, if h e carries on several trades at once, thus making one or the other of them subordinate. so in thucydides: "seafaring is an art like any other, and cannot, as circumstances require, b e carried on as a subsidiary occupation; nay, other subsidiary occupations cannot b e carried on alongside of this one." if the work, says plato, has t o wait for the labourer, the critical point in the process is missed and the article spoiled. the same platonic idea is found recurring in the protest o f the english bleachers against the clause in the factory act that provides fixed meal-times for all operatives. their business can not wait the convenience of the work men, for " in the various operations of singeing, washing, bleaching, mangling, calendering, and dyeing, none o f them can be stopped at a given moment without risk of damage . . . to enforce the same dinner hour for all the work people might occasionally subject valuable goods to the risk of d part iv. (continued ). production o f relative surplus-value chapter xv. machinery and modern industry section 1. the development of machinery john stuart mill says in his "principles of political economy": " i t is questionable if all the mechanical inventions yet made have lightened the day's toil of any human being." that is, however, by no means the aim of the capitalistic application of machinery. like every other increase in the productiveness of labour, machinery is intended to cheapen commodities, and, by shortening that portion of the working-day, in which the labourer works for himself, to lengthen the other portion that he gives, without an equivalent, to the capitalist. in short, it is a means for producing surplus-value. in manufacture, the revolution in the mode of production begins with the labour-power, in modern industry it begins with the instruments of labour. our first inquiry then is how the instruments of labour are converted from tools into machines, or what is the difference between a machine and the implements of handicraft? we are only concerned here with striking and general characteristics; for epochs in the history of society are no more separated from each other by hard and fast lines of demarcation, than are geological epochs. * * * section 3. the proximate effects of machinery on the workman the starting-point of modern industry is, as we have shown, the revolution in the instruments of labour, and this revolution attains its most highly developed form in the organised system of machinery in a factory. before we inquire how human material is incorporated with this objective organism, let us consider some general effects of this revolution on the labourer himself. a. appropriation of supplementary labour-power by capital. the employment of women and children in so far as machinery dispenses with muscular power, it becomes a means of employing labourers of slight muscular strength, and those whose bodily development is incomplete, but whose limbs are all the more supple. the labour of women and children was, therefore, the first thing sought for by capitalists who used machinery. that mighty substitute for labour and labourers was forthwith changed into a means for increasing the number of wage-labourers by enrolling, under the direct sway of capital, every member of the workman's family, without distinction of age or sex. compulsory work for the capitalist usurped the place, not only of the children's play, but also of free labour at home within moderate limits for the support of the family. the value o f labour-power was determined not only by the labour-time necessary to maintain the individual adult labourer, but also by that necessary to maintain h is family. machinery, by throwing every member of that family on to the labour-market, spreads the value of the man's labour-power over his whole family. it thus depreciates his labour-power. to purchase the labour-power of a family of four workers may, perhaps, cost more than it formerly did to purchase the labour-power of the head of the family, but, in return, four days' labour takes the place of one, and their price falls in proportion to the excess of the surplus-labour of four over the surplus-labour of one. in order that the family may live, four people must now, not only labour, but expend surplus-labour for the capitalist. thus we see, that machinery, while augmenting the human material that forms the principal object of capital's exploiting power, at the same time raises the degree 0-£ exploitation . * * * b. prolongation of the working-day if machinery be the most powerful means for increasing the productiveness of labour i.e., for shortening the working-time required in the production of a commodity, it becomes in the hands of capital the most powerful means, in those industries first invaded by it, for lengthening the working-day beyond all bounds set by human nature. it creates, on the one hand, new conditions by which capital is enabled to give free scope to this its constant tendency, and on the other hand, new motives with which to whet capital's appetite for the labour of others. in the first place, in the form of machinery, the implements of labour become automatic, things moving and working independent of the workman. they are thenceforth an industrial perpetuum mobile, that would go on producing forever, did it not meet with certain natural obstructions in the weak bodies and the strong wills of its human attendants. the automaton, as capital, and because it is capital, is endowed, in the person of the capitalist, with intelligence and will; it is therefore animated by the longing to reduce to a minimum the resistance offered by that repellent yet elastic natural barrier, man. this resistance is moreover lessened by the apparent lightness of machine work and by the more pliant and docile character of the women and children employed on it. * * * machinery produces relative surplus-value; not only by directly depreciating the value of labour-power, and by indirectly cheapening the same through cheapening the commodities that enter into its reproduction, but also, when it is first introduced sporadically into an industry, by converting the labour employed by the owner of that machinery, into labour of a higher degree and greater efficacy, by raising the social value of the article produced above its individual value, and thus enabling the capitalist to replace the value of a day's labour-power by a smaller portion of the value of a day's product. during this transition period, when the use of machinery is a sort of monopoly, the profits are therefore exceptional, and the capitalist endeavours to exploit thoroughly "the sunny time of this his first love," by prolonging the working-day as much as possible. the magnitude of the profit whets his appetite for more profit. as the use of machinery becomes m ore general in a particular industry, the social value of the product sinks down to its individual value, and the law that surplus-value does not arise from the labour-power that has been replaced by the machinery, but from the labour-power actually employed in working with the machinery, asserts itself. surplus-value arises from variable capital alone, and we saw that the amount of surplus-value depends on two factors, viz., the rate of surplus-value and the n umber of the workmen simultaneously employed. given the length of the working-day, the rate of surplus-value is determined by the relative duration o f the necessary labour and of the surplus-labour in a day. the number of the labourers simultaneously employed depends, on its side, on the ratio of the variable to the constant capital. now, however much the use of machinery may increase the surplus-labour at the expense of the necessary labour by heightening the productiveness of labour, it is clear that it attains this result, only by diminishing the number of workmen employed by a given amount of capital. it converts what was formerly variable capital, invested in labourpower, into machinery which, being constant capital, does not produce surplus-value. it is impossible, for instance, to squeeze as much surplus-value out of 2 as out of 24 labourers. if each of these 2.4 men gives only one hour of surplus-labour in 12, the: 1.4 men give together 24 hours of surplus-labour, while 24 hours is the total labour of the two men. hence, the application of machinery to the production of surplus-value implies a contradiction which is immanent in it, since of the two factors of the surplus-value created by a given amount of capital, one, the rate of surplus-value, cannot be increased, except by diminishing the other, the number of workmen. this contradiction comes to light, as soon as by the general employment of machinery in a given industry, the value of the machine-produced commodity regulates the value of all commodities of the same sort; and it is this contradiction, that in its turn, drives the capitalist, without his being conscious of the fact, to excessive lengthening of the working-day, in order that he may compensate the decrease in the relative number of labourers exploited, by an increase not only of the relative, •but of the absolute surplus-labour. if , then, the capitalistic employment of machinery, on the one hand, supplies new and powerful motives to an excessive lengthening of the working-day, and radically changes, a s well the methods of labour, as also the character of the social working organism, in such a manner as to break down all opposition to this tendency, on the other hand it produces, partly by opening out to the capitalist new strata of the; working-class, previously inaccessible to him, partly by setting free the labourers it supplants, a surplus working population, which is compelled to submit to the dictation of capital. hence that remarkable phenomenon in the history of modern industry, that machinery sweeps away every moral and natural restriction on the length of the working-day. hence, too, the economic paradox, that the most powerful instrument for shortening labour-time, becomes the most unfailing means for placing every moment of the labourer's time and that of his family, at the disposal of the capitalist for the purpose of expanding the value of his capital. "if," dreamed aristotle, the greatest thinker of antiquity, "if every tool, when summoned, or even of its own accord, could do the work that befits it, just as the creations of dredalus moved of themselves, or the tripods of hephrestos went of their own accord to their sacred work, if the weavers' shuttles were to weave of themselves, then there would be no need either of apprentices for the master workers, or of slaves for the lords." and antipatros, a greek poet of the time of cicero, hailed the invention of the water-wheel for grinding corn, an invention that is the elementary form of all machinery, as the giver of freedom to female slaves, and the bringer back of the golden age. oh! those heathens! they understood, as the learned bastiat, and before him the still wiser macculloch have discovered, nothing of political economy and christianity. they did not, for example, comprehend that machinery is the surest means of lengthening the working-day. they perhaps excused the slavery of one on the ground that it was a means to the full development of another. but to preach slavery of the masses, in order that a few crude and half-educated parvenus, might become "eminen t spinners," "extensive sausage-makers," and "influential shoeblack dealers," to do this, they lacked the bump of christianity. c. intensification of labour the immoderate lengthening of the working-day, produced by machinery in the hands of capital, leads to a reaction on the part of society, the very sources of whose life are menaced; and, thence, to a normal working-day whose length is fixed by law. thenceforth a phenomenon that we have already met with, namely, the intensification of labour, develops into great importance. our analysis of absolute surplus-value had reference primarily to the extension or duration of the labour, its intensity being assumed as given. we now proceed to consider the substitution of a more intensified labour for labour of more extensive duration, and the degree o f the former. * * * ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- notes : 9. mill should have said, "of any has of human being not fed by other people's labour," for without doubt, machinery has greatly increased the number well-to do idlers. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- section iv. the factory at the commencement of this chapter we considered that which we may call the body of the factory, i.e., machinery organised into a system. we there saw how machinery, by annexing the labour of women and children, augments the number of human beings who form the material for capitalistic exploitation, how it confiscates the whole of the workman's disposable time, by immoderate extension of the hours of labour, and how finally its progress, which allows of enormous increase of production in shorter and shorter periods, serves as a means of systematically getting more work done in a shorter time, or of exploiting labour-power more intensely. we now turn to the factory as a whole, and that in its most perfect form. * * * so far as division of labour re-appears in the factory, it is primarily a distribution of the workmen among the specialized machines; and of masses of workmen, not however organised into groups, among the various departments of the-factory, in each of which they work at a number of similar machines placed together; their co-operation, therefore, is only simple. the organised group, peculiar to manufacture, is replaced by the connexion between the head workman and his few assistants. the essential division is, into work-men who are actually employed on the machines (among whom are included a few who look after the engine), and into mere attendants (almost exclusively children) of these workmen. among the attendants are reckoned more or less all "feeders" who supply the machines with the material to be worked. in addition to these two principal classes, there is a numerically unimportant class of persons, whose occupation it is to look after the whole of the machinery and repair it from time to time; such as engineers, mechanics, joiners, &c. this is a superior class of workmen, some of them scientifically educated, others brought up to a trade; it is distinct from the factory operative class, and merely aggregated to it . this division of labour is purely technical. to work at a machine, the workman should be taught from childhood, in order that he may learn to adapt his own movements to the uniform and unceasing motion of an automaton. when the machinery, as a whole, forms a system of manifold machines, working simultaneously and in concert, the co-operation based upon it, requires the distribution of various groups of workmen among the different kinds of machines. but the employment of machinery does away with the necessity of crystallising this distribution after the manner of manufacture, by the constant annexation of a particular man to a particular function. since the motion of the whole system does not proceed from the workman, but from the machinery, a change of persons can take place at any time without an interruption of the work. the most striking proof of this is afforded by the relays system, put into operation by the manufacturers 'during their revolt from 1848 to 1850. lastly, the quickness with which machine work is learnt by young people does away with the necessity of bringing up for exclusive employment by machinery, a special class of operatives. with regard to the work of the mere attendants, it can, to some extent, be replaced in the mill by machines, and owing to its extreme simplicity, it allows of a rapid and constant change of the individuals burdened with this drudgery. although then, technically speaking, the old system of division of labour is thrown overboard by machinery, it hangs on in the factory, as a traditional habit handed down from manufacture, and is afterwards systematically re-moulded and established in a more hideous form by capital, as a means of exploiting labour-power. the life-long specialty of handling one and the same tool now becomes the life-long specialty of serving one and the same machine. machinery is put to a wrong use, with the object of transforming the workman, from his very childhood, into a part of a detail-machine. in this way, not only are the expenses of his reproduction considerably lessened, but at the same time his helpless dependence upon the factory as a whole, and therefore upon the capitalist, is rendered complete. here as everywhere else, we must distinguish between the increased productiveness due to the development of the social process of production, and that due to the capitalist exploitation of that process. in handicrafts and manufacture, the workman makes use of a tool in the factory the machine makes use of him. there the movements o f the instrument of labour proceed from him, here it is the movements of the machine that he must follow. in manufacture the workmen are parts of a living mechanism. in the factory we have a lifeless mechanism independent of the workman, who becomes its mere living appendage. "the miserable routine of endless drudgery and toil in which the same mechanical process is gone through over and over again, is like the labour of sisyphus. the burden of labour, like the rock, keeps ever falling back on the worn-out labourer."2 at the same time that factory work exhausts the nervous system to the uttermost it does away with the many-sided play of the muscles, and confiscates every atom of freedom, both in bodily and intellectual activity. the lightening of the labour, even, becomes a sort of torture, since the machine does not free the labourer from work, but deprives the work of all interest. every kind of capitalist production, in so far as it is not only a labour-process, but also a process of creating surplus-value, has this in common, that it is not the workman that employs the instruments of labour, but the instruments of labour that employ the workman. but it is only in the factory system that this inversion for the first time acquires technical and palpable reality. by means of its conversion into an automaton, the instrument of labour confronts the labourer, during the labour process, in the shape of capital, of dead labour, that dominates, and pumps dry, living labour-power. the separation of the intellectual powers of production from the manual labour, and the conversion of those powers into the might of capital over labour, is, as we have already shown, finally completed by modern industry erected on the foundation of machinery. the special skill of each individual insignificant factory operative vanishes as an infinitesimal quantity before the science, the gigantic physical forces, and the mass. of labours that are embodied in the factory mechanism and, together with that mechanism, constitute the power of the "master." this "master," therefore, in whose brain the machinery and his monopoly of it are inseparably united, whenever he falls out with his "hands," contemptuously tells them: "the factory operatives should keep in wholesome remembrance the fact that theirs is really a low species of skilled labour; and that there is none which is m ore easily acquired, or of its quality more amply remunerated, or which by a short training of the least expert can be m ore quickly, as well as abundantly, acquired . . . . the master's machinery really plays a far more important part in the business of production than the labour and the skill of the operative, which six months' education can teach, and a common labourer can learn." the technical subordination of the workman to the uniform motion of the instruments of labour, and the peculiar composition of the body of work people, consisting as it does of individuals of both sexes and of all ages, give rise to a barrack discipline, which is elaborated into a complete system in the factory, and which fully develops the before mentioned labour of overlooking, thereby dividing the workpeople into operatives and over lookers, into private soldiers and sergeants of an industrial army . "the main difficulty . . . lay . . . above all in training human beings to renounce their desultory habits of work and to identify themselves with the unvarying regularity of the complex automaton. to devise and administer a successful code of factory discipline, suited to the necessities of factory diligence, was the herculean enterprise, the noble achievement of arkwright! even at the present day, when the system is perfectly organised and its labour lightened to the utmost, it is found nearly impossible to convert persons past the age of puberty, into useful factory hands." the factory code in which capital formulates, like a private legislator, and at his own good will, his autocracy over his workpeople, unaccompanied by that division of responsibility, in other matters so much approved of by the bourgeoisie, and unaccompanied by the still more approved representative system, this code is but the capitalistic caricature of that social regulation of the labour-process which becomes requisite in co-operation on a great scale, and in the employment in common, of instruments of labour and especially o f machinery. the place of the slave-driver's lash is taken by the over looker's book of penalties. all punishments naturally resolve themselves into fines and deductions from wages, and the law-giving talent o f the factory lycurgus so arranges matters, that a violation of his laws is, if possible, more profitable to him than the keeping of them. we shall here merely allude to the material conditions under which factory labour is carried on. every organ of sense is injured in an equal degree by artificial elevation of the temperature, by the dust-laden atmosphere, by the deajening noise, not to mention danger to life and limb among the thickly crowded machinery, which, with the regularity of the seasons, issues its list of the killed and wounded in the industrial battle. economy of the social means o f production, matured and forced as in a hothouse by the factory system, is turned, in the hands of capital, into systematic robbery of what is necessary for the life of the workman while he is at work, robbery of space, light, air, and of protection to his person against the dangerous and unwholesome accompaniments of the productive process, not to mention the robbery of appliances for the comfort of the workman. is fourier wrong when he calls factories "tempered bagnos"? section 5. the strife between workman and machine the contest between the capitalist and the wage-labourer dates back to the very origin of capital. it raged on throughout the whole manufacturing period. but only since the introduction of machinery has the workman fought against the instrument of labour itself, the material embodim ent of capital. he revolts against this particular form of the means of production, as being the material basis of the capitalist mode of production. * * * section 9. the factory acts. sanitary and educational clauses of the same. their general extension in england factory legislation, that first conscious and methodical reaction of society against the spontaneously developed form of the process of production, is, as we have seen, just as much the necessary product of modern industry as cotton yarn, self-actors, and the electric telegraph. before passing to the consideration of the extension of that legislation in england, we shall shortly notice certain clauses contained in the factory acts, and not relating to the hours of work. apart from their wording, which makes it easy for the capitalist to evade them, the sanitary clauses are extremely meagre, and, in fact, limited to provisions for whitewashing the walls, for insuring cleanliness in some other matters, for ventilation, and for protection against dangerous machinery. in the third book we shall return again to the fanatical opposition of the masters to those clauses which imposed upon them a slight expenditure on appliances for protecting the limbs of their workpeople, an opposition that throws a fresh and glaring light on the free-trade dogma, according to which, in a society with conflicting interests, each individual necessarily furthers the common weal by seeking nothing but his own personal advantagel * * * paltry as the education clauses of the act appear on the whole, yet they proclaim elementary education to be an indispensable condition to the employment of children. the success of those clauses proved for the first time the possibility of combining education and gymnastics with manual labour, and, consequently, of combining manual labour with education and gymnastics. the factory inspectors soon found out by questioning the schoolmasters, that the factory children, although receiving only one half the education of the regular day scholars, yet learnt quite as much and often more. "this can be accounted for by the simple fact that, with only being at school for one half o f the day, they are always fresh, and nearly always ready and willing to receive instruction. the system, on which they work, half manual labour, and half school, renders each employment a rest and a relief to the other; consequently, both are far more congenial to the child, - than would be the case were he kept constantly at one. it is quite clear that a boy who has been at school all the morning, cannot (in hot weather particularly) cope with one who comes fresh and bright from his work." further in formation on this point will be found in senior's speech at the social science congress a t edinburgh in 1863. he there shows, amongst other things, how the monotonous and uselessly long school hours of the children of the upper and middle classes, uselessly add to the labour of the teacher, "while he not only fruitlessly but absolutely injuriously, wastes the time, health, and energy of the children . " from the factory system budded, as robert owen has shown us in detail, the germ of the education of the future, an education that will, in the case of every child over a given age, combine productive labour with instruction and gymnastics, not only as one of the methods of adding to the efficiency of production, but as the only method of producing fully developed human beings. modern industry, as we have seen, sweeps away by technical means the manufacturing division of labour, under which each man is bound hand and foot for life to a single detail-operation. at the same time, the capitalistic form o f that industry reproduces this same division of labour in a still more monstrous shape; in the factory proper, by converting the workman into a living appendage of the machine; and everywhere outside the factory, partly by the sporadic use of machinery and machine workers, partly by re-establishing the division of labour on a fresh basis by the general introduction of the labour of women and children, and of cheap unskilled labour. the antagonism between the manufacturing division of labour and the methods of modern industry makes itself forcibly felt. it manifests itself, amongst other ways, in the frightful fact that a great part of the children employed in modern factories and manufactures, are from their earliest years riveted to' the mast simple manipulations, and exploited far years, without being taught a single sort of work that would afterwards make them of use, even in the same manufactory or factory. modern industry never looks upon and treats the existing farm of a process as final. the technical basis of that industry is therefore revolutionary, while all earlier modes of production were essentially conservative. by means of machinery, chemical processes and other methods, it is continually causing changes not only in the technical basis of production, but also in the functions of the labourer, and in the social combinations of the labour-process. at the same time, it thereby also revolutionizes the division of labour within the society, and incessantly launches masses of capital and a f workpeople from one branch of production to' another. but if modern industry, by its very nature, therefore necessitates variation of labour, fluency of function, universal mobility of the labourer, on the other hand, in its capitalistic farm, it reproduces the old division of labour with its ossified particularisations. we have seen h aw this absolute contradiction between the technical necessities a f modern industry, a n d the social character inherent in its capitalistic farm, dispels all fixity and security in the situation of the labourer; haw it constantly threatens, by taking away the instruments of labour, to' snatch from his hands his means of subsistence, and, by suppressing his detail function, to' make him superfluous. we have seen, too, how this antagonism vents its rage in the creation of that monstrosity, an industrial reserve army, kept in misery in order to' be always at the disposal of capital; in the incessant human sacrifices from among the working-class, in the mast reckless squandering of labour-power, and in the devastation caused by a social anarchy which turns every economic progress into a social calamity. this is the negative side. but if, an the one hand, variation of work at present imposes itself after the manner of an overpowering natural law, and with the blindly destructive action of a natural law that meets with resistance at all paints, modern industry, on the other hand, through its catastrophes imposes the necessity of recognising, as a fundamental law of production, variation of work, consequently fitness of the labourer far varied work, consequently the greatest possible development of his varied aptitudes, it becomes a question of life and death far society to adapt the made of production to the normal functioning of this law. modern industry, indeed, compels society, under penalty of death, to' replace the detail-worker of to-day; crippled by life-long repetition of one and the same trivial operation, and thus reduced to' the mere fragment of a man, by the fully developed individual, fit for a variety of labours, ready to face any change of production, and to whom the different social functions h e performs, are but so many modes of giving free scope to his own natural and acquired powers. one step already spontaneously taken towards effecting this revolution is the establishment of technical and agricultural schools, and of "ecoles d' enseignement professionnel," in which the children of the working-men receive some little instruction in technology and in the practical handling of the various implements of labour. though the factory act, that first and meagre concession wrung from capital, is limited to combining elementary education with work in the factory, there can be no doubt that when the working-class comes into power, as inevitably it must, technical instruction, both theoretical and practical, will take its proper place i n the working class schools . there is also no doubt that such revolutionary ferments, the final result of which is the abolition of the old division of labour, are diametrically opposed to the capitalistic form of production, and to the economic status o f the labourer corresponding to that form. but the historical development of the antagonisms, immanent in a given form of production, is the only way in which that form o f production can be dissolved and a new form established. "ne sutor ultra crepidam"-this ne plus ultra of handicraft wisdom became sheer nonsense, from the moment the watchmaker watt invented the steam-engine, the barber arkwright, the throstle, and the working-jeweller, fulton, the steamship. so long as factory legislation is confined to regulating the labour in factories, manufactori es, &c., it is regarded as a mere interference with the exploiting rights of capital. but when it comes to regulating the so-called "home-labour," it is immediately viewed as a direct attack on the patria potestas, on parental authority. the tender-hearted english parliament long affected to shrink from taking this step. the force of facts, however, compelled it at last to acknowledge that modern industry, in overturning the economic foundation on which was based the traditional family, and the family labour corresponding to it, had also unloosened all traditional family ties. the rights of the children had to be proclaimed .the final report of the ch. empl. comm. of 1866, states:" it is unhappily, to a painful degree, apparent throughout the whole of the evidence, that against no persons do the children of both sexes so much require protection as against their parents." the system of unlimited exploitation of children's labour in general and the so-called home-labour in particular is "maintained only because the parents are able, without check or control, to exercise this arbitrary and mischievous power over their young a n d tender offspring. . . . parents must not possess the absolute power of making their children mere 'machines to earn so much weekly wage.' . . . the children and young persons, therefore, in all such cases may justifiably claim from the legislature, as a natural right, that an exemption should be secured to them, from what destroys prematurely their physical strength, and lowers them in the scale of intellectual and moral beings." it was not, however, the misuse of parental authority that created the capitalistic exploitation, whether direct or indirect, of children's labour; but, on the contrary, it was the capitalistic mode of exploitation which, by sweeping away the economic basis of parental authority, made its exercise degenerate into a mischievous misuse of power. however terrible and disgusting the dissolution, under the capitalist system, of the old family ties may appear, nevertheless, modern industry, by assigning as it does an important part in the process of production, outside the domestic sphere, to women, to young persons, and to children of both sexes, creates a new economic foundation for a higher form of the family and o f the relations between the sexes. it is , o f course, just as absurd t o hold the teutonic-christian form o f the family t o be absolute and final as it would be to apply that character to the ancient roman, the ancient greek, o r the eastern forms which, moreover, taken together form a series in historical development. moreover, it is obvious that the fact of the collective working group being composed of individuals of both sexes and all ages, must necessarily, under suitable conditions, become a source of humane development; although in its spontaneously developed, brutal, capitalistic form, where the labourer exists for the process of production, and not the process of production for the labourer, that fact is a pestiferous source of corruption and slavery. ". ". ". section 10. modern industry and agriculture the revolution called forth by modern industry in agriculture, and m the social relations of agricultural producers will be in vestigated later on. in this place we shall merely indicate a few results by way of anticipation. if the use of machinery in agriculture is for the most part free from the injurious physical effect it has on the factory operative, its action in superseding the labourers is more intense, and finds less resistance, as we shall see later in detail. in the counties of cambridge and suffolk, for example, the area of cultivated land has extended very much within the last twenty years (up to 1868), while m the same period the rural population has diminished, not only relatively, but absolutely. in the united states it is as yet only virtually that agricultural machines replace labourers; in other words, they allow of the cultivation by the farmer of a larger surface, but do not actually expel the labourers employed. in 1861 the number of persons occupied in england and wales in the manufacture of agricultural machines was 1,034, whilst the number of agricultural labourers employed in the use of agricultural machines and steam-engines did not exceed 1,205. in the sphere of agriculture, modern industry has a more revolutionary effect than elsewhere, for this reason, that it annihilates the peasant, that bulwark of the old society, and replaces him by the wage-labourer. thus the desire for social changes and the class antagonisms are brought to the same level in the country as in the town s. the irrational, old-fashioned methods of agriculture are replaced by scientific ones. capitalist production completely tears asunder the old bond of union which held together agriculture and manufacture in their infancy. but at the same time it creates the material conditions for a higher synthesis in the future, viz., the union of agriculture and industry o n the basis of the more perfected forms they have each acquired during their temporary separation . capitalist production, b y collecting the population in great centres, and causing an ever-increasing preponderance of town population, on the one hand concentrates the historical motive power of society; on the other hand, it disturbs the circulation of matter between man and the soil, i.e., prevents the return to the soil of its elements consumed by man in the form of food and clothing; it therefore violates the conditions necessary to lasting fertility of the soil. by this action it destroys at the same time the health of the town labourer and the intellectual life of the rural labourer. but while upsetting the naturally grown conditions for the maintenance of that circulation of matter, it imperiously calls for its restoration as a system, as a regulating law of social production, and under a form appropriate to the full development of the human race. in agriculture as in manufacture, the transformation of production under the sway of capital, means, at the same time, the martyrdom of the producer; the instrument of labour becomes the means of enslaving, exploiting, and impoverishing the labourer; the social combination and organisation of labour-processes is turned into an organized mode of crushing out the workman's individual vitality, freedom, and independence. the dispersion of the rural labourers over larger areas breaks their power of resistance while concentration increases that of the town operatives. in modern agriculture, as in the urban industries, the increased productiveness and quantity of the labour set in motion are bought at the cost of laying waste and consuming by disease labour-power itself. moreover, all progress in capitalistic agriculture is a progress in the art, not only of robbing the labourer, but of robbing the soil; all progress in increasing the fertility o f the soil for a given time, is a progress towards ruining the lasting sources of that fertility. the more a country starts its development on the foundation of modern industry, like the united states, for example, the more rapid is this process of destruction. capitalist production, therefore, develops technology, and the combining together of various processes into a social whole, only by sapping the original sources of all wealth-the soil and the labourer. part v. the production of absolute and of relative surplus-value chapter xvi. absolute and relative surplus-value in considering the labour-process, we began by treating it in the abstract, apart from its historical forms, as a process between man and nature. we stated: "if we examine the whole labour-process, from the p oint of view of its result, it is plain that both the instruments and the subjects of labour are means of production, and that the labour itself is productive labour." and we further added: "this method of determining, from the standpoint of the labourp rocess alone, what is productive labour, is by no means directly applicable to the case of the capitalist process of production." we now proceed to the further development of this subject. so far as the labour-process is purely individual, one and the same labourer unites in himself all the functions, that later on become separated. when an individual appropriates natural objects for his livelihood, no one controls him but himself. afterwards he is controlled by others. a single man cannot operate upon nature without calling his own muscles into play under the control of his own brain. as in the natural body head and hand wait upon each other, so the labour-process unites the labour of the hand with that of the head. later on they part company and even become deadly foes. the product ceases to be the direct product of the individual, and becomes a social product, produced in common by a co]lecture labourer, i.e. , by a combination of workmen, each of whom takes only a part, greater or less, in the manipulation of the subject of their labour. as the co-operative character of the labour-process becomes more and more marked, so, as a necessary consequence, does our notion of productive labour, and of its agent the productive labourer, become extended. in order to labour productively, it is n o longer necessary for y o u to do manual work yourself; enough, if you are an organ of the collective labourer, and perform one of its subordinate functions. the first definition given above of productive labour, a definition deduced from the very nature of the production of material objects, still remains correct for the collective labourer, considered as a whole. but it no longer holds good for each member taken individually. on the other hand, however, our notion of productive labour becomes narrowed. capitalist production is not merely the production of commodities it is essentially the production of surplus-value. the labourer produces, not for himself, but for capital. it no longer suffices therefore, that he should simply produce. he must produce surplus-value. that labourer alone is productive, who produces surplus-value for the capitalist, and thus works for the self expansion of capital. if we may take an example from outside the sphere of production of material objects a schoolmaster is a productive labourer, when, in addition to be labouring the heads of his scholars, he works like a horse to enrich the school proprietor. that the latter has laid out his capital in a teaching factory, instead of in a sausage factory, does not alter the relation. hence the notion of a productive labourer implies not merely a relation between work and useful effect, between labourer and product of labour, but also a specific, social relation of production, a relation that has sprung up historically and stamps the labourer as the direct means of creating surplus-value. to be a productive labourer is, therefore, not a piece of luck, but a misfortune. * * * the prolongation of the working-day beyond the point at which the labourer would have produced just an equivalent for the value of his labour-power, and the appropriation of that surplus-labour by capital, this is production of absolute surplus-value. it forms the general groundwork of the capitalist system, and the starting-point for the production of relative surplus-value. the latter pre-supposes that the working-day is already divided into two parts, necessary labour, and surplus-labour. in order to prolong the surplus-labour, the necessary labour is shortened by methods whereby the equivalent for the wages is produced in less time. the production of absolute surplus-value turns exclusively upon the length of the working- day; the production of relative surplus-value, revolutionises out and out the technical processes of labour, and the composition of society. it therefore pre-supposes a specific mode, the capitalist mode of production, a mode which, along with its methods, •means, and conditions, arises and develops itself spontaneously on the foundation afforded by the formal subjection of labour to capital. in the course of this development, the formal subjection is replaced by the real subjection of labour to capital. * * * from one standpoint, any distinction between absolute and relative surplus-value appears illusory. relative surplus-value is absolute, since it compels the absolute prolongation o f the working-day beyond the labour-time necessary to the existence of the labourer himself. absolute surplus-value is relative, since it makes necessary such a development of the productiveness of labour, as will allow of the necessary labour-time being confined to a portion of the working- day. but if we keep in mind the behaviour of surplus-value, this appearance of identity vanishes. once the capitalist mode of production established and become general, the difference between absolute and relative surplus-value makes itself felt, wherever there is a question of raising the rate of surplus-value. assuming that labour-power is paid for at its value, we are confronted by this alternative : given the productiveness of labour and its normal intensity, the rate of surplus-value can be raised only by the actual prolongation of the working-day; on the other hand, given the length of the working-day, that rise can be effected only by a change in the relative magnitudes of the components of the working-day, viz., necessary labour and surplus-labour; a change which, if the wages are not to fall below the value of labour-power, pre-supposes a change either in the productiveness or in the intensity of the labour. if the labourer wants all his time to produce the necessary means of subsistence for himself and his race, he has no time left in which to work gratis for others. without a certain degree of productiveness in his labour, he has no such superfluous time at his disposal; without such superfluous time, no surplus labour, and therefore no capitalists, no slave-powers, no feudal lords, in one word, no class of large proprietors. * * * chapter xxv. the general law of capitalist accumulation section 1. the increased demand for labour-power that accompames accumulation, the composition of capital remaining the same in this chapter we consider the influence of the growth of capital on the lot of the labouring class. the most important factor in this enquiry, is the composition of capital and the changes it undergoes m the course of the process of accumulation. the composition of capital is to be understood in a two-fold sense. on the side of value, it is determined by the proportion in which it is divided into constant capital or value of the means of production, and variable capital or value of labour-power, the sum total of wages. on the side of material, as it functions in the process of production, all capital is divided into means of production and living labour-power. this latter composition is determined by the relation between the mass of the means of production employed, on the one hand, and the mass of labour necessary for their employment on the other. i call the former the value-composition, the latter the technical composition of capital. between the two there is a strict correlation. to express this, i call the value-composition of capital, in so 'far as it is determined by its technical composition and mirrors the changes of the latter, the organic composition of capital. wherever i refer to the composition of capital, without further qualification, its organic composition is always understood. the many individual capitals invested in a particular branch of production have, one with another, more or less different compositions. the average of the individual compositions gives us the composition of the total capital in this branch of production. lastly, the average of these averages, in all branches of production, gives us the composition of the total social capital of a country, and with this alone are we, in the last resort, concerned in the following investigation. growth of capital involves growth 0-£ its variable constituent or of the part invested in labour-power. a part of the surplus-value turned into additional capital must always be re-transformed into variable capital, or additional labour-fund. if we suppose that, all other circumstances remaining the same, the composition of capital also remains constant (i.e., that a definite mass of means of production constantly needs the same mass of labour-power to set it in motion), then the demands for labour and the subsistence-fund of the labourers clearly increase in the same proportion as the capital, and the more rapidly, the more rapidly the capital increases. since the capital produces yearly a surplus-value, of which one part is yearly added to the original capital; since this increment itself grows yearly along with the augmentation of the capital already functioning; since lastly, under special stimulus to enrichment, such as the opening of new markets, or of new spheres for the outlay of capital in consequence of newly developed social wants, &c., the scale of accumulation may be suddenly extended, merely by a change in the division of the surplus-value or surplus-product into capital and revenue, the requirements of accumulating capital may exceed the increase of labour-power or of the number of labourers; the demand for labourers may exceed the supply, and, therefore, wages may rise. this must, indeed, ultimately be the case if the conditions supposed above continue. for since in each year more labourers are employed than in its predecessor, sooner or later a point must be reached, at which the requirements of accumulation begin to surpass the customary supply of labour, and, therefore, a rise of wages takes place. a lamentation on this score was heard in england during the whole of the fifteenth, and the first half of the eighteenth centuries. the more or less favourable circumstances in which the wage-working class supports and multiplies itself, in no way alter the fundamental character o f capitalist production. as simple reproduction constantly reproduces the capital-relation itself, i.e., the relation of capitalists on the one hand, and wage-workers on the other, so reproduction on a progressive scale, i.e., accumulation, reproduces the capital-relation on a progressive scale, more capitalists or larger capitalists at this pole, more wage-workers at that. the reproduction of a mass of labour-power, which must incessantly re-incorporate itself with capital for that capital's selfexpansion; which cannot get free from capital, and whose enslavement to capital is only concealed by the variety of individual capitalists to whom it sells itself, this reproduction of labour-power forms, in fact, an essential of the reproduction o f capital itself. accumulation of cap ital is, therefore, increase of the proletariat. * * * the law of capitalist production, that is at the bottom of the pretended "natural law of population ," reduces itself simply to this: the correlation between accumulation of capital and rate of wages is nothing else than the correlation between the unpaid labour transformed into capital, and the additional paid labour necessary for the setting in motion of this additional capital. it is therefore in no way a relation between two magnitudes, independent one of the other: on the one hand, the magnitude of the capital; on the other, the number of the labouring population; it is rather, at bottom, only the relation between the unpaid and the paid labour of the same labouring population. if the quantity of unpaid labour supplied by the working-class, and accumulated by the capitalist class; increases so rapidly that its conversion into capital requires an extraordinary addition of paid labour, then wages rise, and, all other circumstances remaining equal, the unpaid labour diminishes in proportion . but as soon as this diminution touches the point at which the surplus-labour that nourishes capital is no longer supplied in normal quantity, a reaction sets in: a smaller part of revenue is capitalised, accumulation lags, and the movement of rise in wages receives a check. the rise of wages therefore is confined within limits that not only leave intact the foundations o f the capitalistic system, but also secure its reproduction on a progressive scale. the law of capitalistic accumulation, metamorphosed by economists into a pretended law of nature, in reality merely states that the very nature of accumulation excludes every diminution in the degree of exploitation of labour, and every rise in the price of labour, which could seriously imperil the continual reproduction, on an ever-enlarging scale, of the capitalistic relation . it cannot be otherwise in a mode of production in which the la bourer exists to satisfy the needs of self-expansion of existing values, instead of, on the contrary, material wealth existing to satisfy the needs of development on the part of the labourer. as, in religion, man is governed by the products of his own brain, so in capitalistic production, he is governed by the products of his own hand. section 3. progressive production of a relative surplus-population or industrial reserve army the accumulation of capital, though originally appearing as its quantitative extension only, is effected, as we have seen, under a progressive qualitative change in its composition, under a constant increase of its constant, at the expense of its variable constituent. * * * * * * with the growth of the total capital, its variable constituent or the labour incorporated in it, also does increase, but in a constantly diminishing proportion. the intermediate pauses are shortened, in which accumulation works as simple extension of production, on a given technical basis. it is not merely that an accelerated accumulation of total capital, accelerated in a constantly growing progression, is needed to absorb an additional number of labourers, or even, on account of the constant metamorphosis of old capital, to keep employed those already functioning. in its turn, this increasing accumulation and centralisation becomes a source of new changes in the composition of capital, of a more accelerated diminution of its variable, as compared with its constant constituent. this accelerated relative diminution of the variable constituent that goes along with the accelerated increase of the total capital, and moves more rapidly than this increase, takes the inverse form, at the other pole, of an apparently absolute increase of the laboring population, an increase always moving more rapidly than that of the variable capital or the means of employment. but in fact, it is capitalistic accumulation itself that constantly produces, and produces in the direct ratio of its own energy and extent, a relatively redundant population of labourers, i.e., a population of greater extent than suffices for the average needs of the self-expansion of capital, and therefore a surplus-population. * * *> * * * the labouring population therefore produces, along with the accumulation of capital produced by it, the means by which itself is made relatively superfluous, is turned into a relative surplus population; and it does this to an always increasing extent. this is a law of population peculiar to the capitalist mode of production; and in fact every special historic mode of production has its own special laws of population, historically valid within its limits alone. an abstract law of population exists for plants and animals only, and only in so far as man has not interfered with them. but if a surplus labouring population is a necessary product of accumulation or of the development of wealth on a capitalist basis, this surplus-population becomes, conversely, the lever of capitalistic accumulation, nay, a condition of existence of the capitalist mode of production. it forms a disposable industrial reserve army, that belongs to capital quite as absolutely as if the latter had bred it at its own cost. independently of the limits of the actual increase of population, it creates, for the changing needs of the self-expansion of capital, a mass of human material always ready for exploitation. with accumulation, and the development of the productiveness of labour that accompanies it, the power of sudden expansion of capital grows also; it grows, not merely because the elasticity of the capital already functioning increases, not merely because the absolute wealth of society expands, of which capital only forms an elastic part, not merely because credit, under every special stimulus, at once places an unusual part of this wealth at the disposal of production in the form of additional capital; it grows, also, because the technical conditions of the process of production themselves machinery, means of transport, &c.-now admit of the rapidest transformation of masses of surplus-product into additional means of production. the mass of social wealth, overflowing with the advance of accumulation, and transformable into additional capital, thrusts itself frantically into old branches of production, whose market suddenly expands, or into newly formed branches, such as railways, &c . , the need for which grows out of the development of the old ones. in all such cases, there must be the possibility of throwing great masses of men suddenly on the decisive points without injury to the scale of production in other spheres. overpopulation supplies these masses. the course characteristic of modern industry, viz ., a decennial cycle ( interrupted by smaller oscillations), of periods of average activity, production at high pressure, crisis and stagnation, depends on the constant formation, the greater or less absorption, and the re-formation of the industrial reserve army or surplus-population. in their turn, the varying phases of the industrial cycle recruit the surplus-population, and become one of the most energetic agents of its reproduction. this peculiar course of modern industry, which occurs in no earlier period of human history, was also impossible in the childhood of capitalist production. the composition of capital changed but very slowly. with its accumulation, therefore, there kept pace, on the whole, a corresponding growth in the demand for labour. slow as was the advance of accumulation compared with that of more modern times, it found a check in the natural limits of the exploitable labouring population, limits which could only be got rid of by forcible means to be mentioned later. the expansion by fits and starts of the scale of production is the preliminary to its equally sudden contraction; the latter again evokes the former, but the former is impossible without disposable human material, without an increase in the number of labourers independently of the absolute growth of the population. this increase is effected by the simple process that constantly "sets free" a part of the labourers; by methods which lessen the numoer of labourers employed in proportion to the increased production. the whole form of the movement of modern industry depends, therefore, upon the constant transformation of a part of the labouring population into unemployed or half-employed hands. * * * * * * even malthus recognises over-population as a necessity of modern industry, though, after his narrow fashion, he explains it by the absolute over-growth of the labouring population, not by their becoming relatively supernumerary. he says "prudential habits with regard to marriage, carried to a considerable extent among the labouring class of a country mainly depending upon manufactures and commerce, might injure it. . . . from the nature of a population, an increase of labourers cannot be brought into 'market in consequence of a particular demand till after the lapse of sixteen or eighteen years, and the conversion of revenue into capital, by saving, may take place much more rapidly; a country is always liable to an increase in the quantity of the funds for the maintenance of labour faster than the increase of population. " 3 after political economy has thus demonstrated the constant production of a relative surplus-population of labourers to be a necessity of capitalistic accumulation, she very aptly, in the guise of an old maid, puts in the mouth of her beau ideal of a capitalist the following words addressed to those supernumeraries thrown on the streets by their own creation of additional capital : -"we manufacturers do what we can for you, whilst we are increasing that capital on which you must subsist, and you must do the rest by accommodating your numbers to the means of subsistence." capitalist production can by no means content itself with the quantity of disposable labour-power which the natural increase of population yields. it requires for its free play an industrial reserve army independent of these natural limits. upto this point it has been assumed that the increase or diminution of the variable capital corresponds rigidly with the increase or diminution of the number of labourers employed. the number of labourers commanded by capital may remain the same, or even fall, while the variable capital increases. this is the case if the individual labourer yields m ore labour, and therefore his wages increase, and this although the price of labour remains the same or even falls, only more slowly than the mass of labour rises. increase of variable capital, in this case, becomes an index of more labour, but not of more labourers employed. it is the absolute interest of every capitalist to press a given quantity of labour out of a smaller, rather than a greater number of labourers, if the cost is about the same . in the latter case, the outlay of constant capital increases in proportion to the mass of labour set in action; in the former that increase is much smaller. the more extended the scale of production, the stronger this motive. its force increases with the accumulation of capital. we have seen that the development o f the capitalist mode of production and of the productive power of labour-at once the cause and effect of accumulation-enables the capitalist, with the same outlay of variable capital, to set in action more labour by greater exploitation (extensive or intensive) of each individual labour-power. we have further seen that the capitalist buys with the same capital a greater mass of labour-power, as he progressively replaces skilled labourers by less skilled, mature labour-power by immature, male by female, that of adults by that of young persons or children. on the one hand, therefore, with the progress of accumulation, a larger variable capital sets more labour in action without enlisting more labourers; on the other, a variable capital of the same magnitude sets in action more labour with the same mass of labour-power; and finally, a greater number of inferior labour-powers by displacement of higher. the production of a relative surplus-population, or the setting free of labourers, goes on therefore yet more rapidly than the technical revolution of the process of production that accompanies, and is accelerated by, the advance of accumulation; and more rapidly than the corresponding diminution of the variable part of capital as compared with the constant. if the means of production, as they increase in extent and effective power, become to a less extent means of employment of labourers, this state of things is again modified by the fact that in proportion as the productiveness of labour increases, capital increases its supply of labour more quickly than its demand for labourers. the overwork of the employed part of the working-class swells the ranks of the reserve, whilst conversely the greater pressure that the latter by its competition exerts on the former, forces these to submit to over-work and to subjugation under the dictates of capital. the condemnation of one part of the working-class to enforced idleness by the over-work of the other part; and the converse, becomes a means of enriching the individual capitalists, and accelerates at the same time the production of the industrial reserve army on a scale corresponding with the advance of social accumulation. how important is this element in the formation of the relative surplus-population, is shown by the example of england. her technical means for saving labour are colossal. nevertheless, if tomorrow morning labour generally were reduced to a rational amount, and proportioned to the different sections of the working-class according to age and sex, the working population to hand would be absolutely insufficient for the carrying on of national production on its present scale. the great majority of the labourers now "unproductive" would have to be turned into "productive" ones. taking them as a whole, the general movements of wages are exclusively regulated by the expansion and contraction of the industrial reserve army, and these again correspond to the periodic changes of the industrial cycle. they are, therefore, not determined by the variations of the absolute number of the working population, but by the varying proportions in which the working-class is divided into active and reserve army, by the increase or diminution in the relative amount of the surplus-population, by the extent to which it is now absorbed, now set free. for modern industry with its decennial cycles and periodic phases, which, moreover, as accumulation advances, are complicated by irregular oscillations following each other more and more quickly, that would indeed be a beautiful law, which pretends to make the action of capital dependent on the absolute variation of the population, instead of regulating the demand and supply of labour by the alternate expansion and con-traction of capital, the labour-market now appearing relatively under-full, because capital -is expanding, now again over-full, because it is contracting. yet this is the dogma of the economists. according to them, wages rise in consequence of accumulation of capital. the higher wages stimulate the working population to more rapid multiplication, and this goes on until the labour market becomes too full, and therefore capital, relatively to the supply of labour, becomes insufficient. wages fall, and now we have the reverse of the medal. the working population is little by little decimated as the result of the fall in wages, so that capital is again in excess relatively to them, or, as others explain it, falling wages and the corresponding increase in the exploitation of the labourer again accelerates accumulation, whilst, at the same time, the lower wages hold the increase of the working-class in check. then comes again the time, when the supply of labour is less than the demand, wages rise, and so on. a beautiful mode of motion this for developed capitalist production! before, in consequence of the rise of wages, any positive increase of the population really fit for work could occur, the time would have been passed again and again, during which the industrial campaign must have been carried through, the battle fought and won. * * * the industrial reserve army, during the periods of stagnation and average prosperity, weighs down the active labour-army; during the periods of over-production and paroxysm, it holds its pretensions in check. relative surplus-population is therefore the pivot upon which the law of demand and supply of labour works. it confines the field of action of this law within the limits absolutely convenient to the activity of exploitation and to the domination of capital. this is the place to return to one of the grand exploits of economic apologetics. it will be remembered that if through the introduction of new, or the extension of old, machinery, a portion of variable capital is transformed into constant, the economic apologist interprets this operation which "fixes" capital and by that very act sets labourers "free ," in exactly the opposite way, pretending that it sets free capital for the labourers. only now can one fully understand the effrontery of these apologists. what are set free are not only the labourers immediately turned out by the machines, but also their future substitutes in the rising generation, and the additional contingent, that with the usual extension of trade on the old basis would be regularly absorbed. they are now all "set free," and every new bit of capital looking out for employment can dispose of them. whether it attracts them or others, the effect on the general labour demand will be nil, if this capital is just sufficient to take out of the market as many labourers as the machines threw upon it. if it employs a smaller number, that of the supernumeraries increases; if it employs a greater, the general demand for labour only increases to the extent of the excess of the employed over those "set free." the impulse that additional capital, seeking an outlet, would otherwise have given to the general demand for labour, is therefore in every case neutralised to the extent of the labourers thrown out of employment by the machine. that is to say, the mechanism of capitalistic production so manages matters that the absolute increase of capital is accompanied by no corresponding rise in the general demand for labour, and this apologist calls a compensation for the misery, the sufferings, the possible death of the displaced labourers during the transition period that banishes them into the industrial reserve army! the demand for labour is not identical with increase of capital, nor supply of labour with increase of the working-class. it is not a case of two independent forces working on one another. les des sont pipes. capital works on both sides at the same time. if its accumulation, on the one hand, increases the demand for labour, it increases on the other the supply of labourers by the "setting free" of them, whilst at the same time the pressure of the unemployed compels those that are employed to furnish more laboured therefore makes the supply of labour, to a certain extent, independent of the supply of labourers. the action of the law of supply and demand of labour on this basis completes the despotism of capital. as soon, therefore, as the labourers learn the secret, how it comes to pass that in the same • measure as they work more, as they produce more wealth for others, and as the productive power of their labour increases, so in the same measure even their function as a means of the self-expansion of capital becomes more and more precarious for them; as soon as they discov.er that the degree of intensity of the competition among themselves depends wholly on the pressure of the relative surplus-population; as soon as, by trades' unions, &c., they try to organize a regular .co operation between employed and unemployed in order to destroy or to weaken the ruinous effects of this natural law of capitalistic production on their class, so soon capital and its sycophant, political economy, cry out at the infringement of the "eternal" and so to say "sacred" law of supply and demand. every combination of employed and en employed disturbs the "harmonious" action of this law. but, on the other hand, as soon as (in the colonies, e.g.) adverse circumstances prevent the creation of an industrial reserve army and, with it, the absolute dependence of the working-class upon the capitalist class, capital, along with its commonplace sancho panza, rebels against the "sacred" law of supply and demand, and tries to check its inconvenient action by forcible means and state interference. section 4. different forms of the relative surplus-population. the general law of capitalistic accumulation the relative surplus-population exists in every possible form. every labourer belongs to it during the time when he is only partially employed or wholly unemployed. not taking into account the great periodically recurring forms that the changing phases of the industrial cycle impress on it, now an acute form during the crisis, then again a chronic form during dull times-it has always three forms, the floating, the latent, and the stagnant. * * * the lowest sediment of the relative surplus-population finally dwells in the sphere of pauperism. exclusive of vagabonds, criminals, prostitutes, in a word, the "dangerous" classes, this layer of society consists of three categories. first, those able to work one need only glance superficially at the statistics of english pauperism to find that the quantity of paupers increases with every crisis, and diminishes with every revival of trade. second, orphans and pauper children, these are candidates for the industrial reserve army, and are, in times of great prosperity, as 1860, e.g., speedily and in large numbers enrolled in the active army of labourers. third, the demoralised and ragged, and those unable to work, chiefly people who succumb to their incapacity for adaptation, due to the division of labour; people who have passed the normal age of the labourer; the victims of industry, whose number increases with the increase of dangerous machinery, of mines, chemical works, &c., the mutilated, the sickly, the widows, &c.. pauperism is the hospital of the active labour-army and the dead weight of the industrial reserve army. its production is included in that of the relative surplus population, its necessity in theirs; along with the surplus population, pauperism forms a condition of capitalist production, and of the capitalist development of wealth. it enters into the faux frais of capitalist production; but capital knows how to throw these, for the most part, from its own shoulders on to those of the working- class and the lower middle class. the greater the social wealth, the functioning capital, the extent and energy of its growth, and, therefore, also the absolute mass of the proletariat and the productiveness of its labour, the greater is the industrial reserve army. the same causes which develop the expansive power of capital, develop also the labour-power a t its disposal. the relative mass of the industrial reserve army increases therefore with the potential energy of wealth. but the greater this reserve army in proportion to the active labour-army, the greater is the mass of a consolidated surplus-population, whose misery is in inverse ratio to its torment of labour. the more extensive, finally, the lazarus-layers of the working-class, and the industrial reserve army, the greater are official pauperism. this is the absolute general law of capitalist accumulation. like all other laws it is modified in its working by many circumstances, the analysis of which does not concern us here. the folly is now patent of the economic wisdom that preaches to the labourers the accommodation of their number to the requirements of capital. the mechanism of capitalist production and accumulation constantly effects this adjustment. the first word of this adaptation is the creation of a relative surplus-population, or industrial reserve army. its last word is the misery of constantly extending strata of the active army of labour, and the dead weight of pauperism. the law by which a constantly increasing quantity of means of production, thanks to the advance in the productiveness of social labour, may be set in movement by a progressively diminishing expenditure of human power, this law, in a capitalist society where the labourer does not employ the means of production, but the means of production employ the labourer-undergoes a complete inversion and is expressed thus : the higher the productiveness of labour, the greater is the pressure of the labourers on the means of employment, the more precarious, therefore, becomes their condition of existence, viz., the sale of their own labour-power for the increasing of another's wealth, or for the self-expansion of capital. the fact that the means of production and the productiveness of labour, increase more rapidly than the productive population, expresses itself; therefore, capitalistically in the inverse form that the labouring population always increases more rapidly than the conditions under which capital can employ this increase for its own self-expansion. we saw in part iv., when analysing the production of relative surplus-value : within the capitalist system all methods for raising the social productiveness of labour are brought about at the cost of the individual labourer; all means for the development o f production transform themselves into means of domination over, and exploitation of, the producers; they mutilate the labourer into a fragment of a man, degrade him to the level of an appendage of a machine, destroy every remnant of charm in his work and turn it into a hated toil; they estrange from him the intellectual potentialities of the labour-process in the same proportion as science is incorporated in it as an independent power; they distort the conditions under which he works, subject him during the labour-process to a despotism the more hateful for its meanness; they transform his life-time into working-time, and drag his wife and child beneath the wheels of the juggernaut of capital. but all methods for the production of surplus-value are at the same time methods of accumulation; and every extension of accumulation becomes again a means for the development of those methods. it follows therefore that in proportion as capital accumulates, the lot of the labourer is his payment high or low must grow worse. the law, finally, that always equilibrates the relative surplus-population, or industrial reserve army, to the extent and energy of accumulation, this law rivets the labourer to capital more firmly than the wedges of vulcan did prometheus to the rock. it establishes an accumulation of misery, corresponding with accumulation of capital. accumulation of wealth at one pole is, therefore, at the same time accumulation of misery, agony of toil, slavery, ignorance, brutality, mental degradation, at the opposite pole, i.e., on the side of the class that produces its own product in the form of capital. * * * ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- notes : 1. a reference to the pseudo-science of phrenology, in which the "bumps" on a person's skull were thought to represent particular character traits. 2. f. engels, the condition of the working class in england in 1844, p. 217.-even an ordinary optimistic freetrader like mr. molinari goes so far as to say: "a man will become exhausted sooner if he watches over the uniform motion of a mechanism fifteen hours day than if h e exercises his physical force over the same interval of time. this work of watching over something, which could be useful perhaps as mental gynmastics provided it were not too prolonged, will, in the long run, destroy both body and mind through excess."-g. de molinari, etudes economiques, paris, 1 846. 3. malthus, principles of political economy, pp. 215, 319, 320. in this work, malthus finally discovers, with the help of sismondi, the beautiful trinity of capitalistic production: over-production, over-population, over-consumption-three very delicate monsters, indeed. 4. harriet martineau, a manchester strike, 1832, p. 101. 5. even in the cotton famine of 1863 we find, in a pamphlet of the operative cotton-spinners of blackburn, fierce denunciations of over-work, which, in consequence of the factory acts, of course only affected adult male labourers. "the adult operatives at this mill have been asked to work from twelve to thirteen hours per day, while there are hundreds who are compelled to be idle who would willingly work partial time, in order to maintain their families and save their brethren from a premature grave through being overworked . . . . we," it goes on to say, "would ask if the practice of working overtime by a number of hands is likely to create a good feeling between masters and servants. those who are worked over-time feel the injustice equally with those who are condemned to forced idleness. there is in the district almost sufficient work to give to all partial employment if fairly distributed. we are only asking what is right in requesting the masters generally to pursue a system of short hours, particularly until a better state of things begins to dawn 'upon us, rather than to work a portion of the hands over-time, while others, for want of work, are compelled to exist upon charity." ("reports of insp. of fact, oct. 31, 1863, " p. 8.) the author of the "essay on trade and commerce" grasps the effect o f a relative surplus-population o n the employed labourers with his usual unerring bourgeois instinct. "another cause of idleness in this kingdom is the want of a sufficient number of labouring hands. . . . whenever from extraordinary demand for manufactures, labour grows scarce, the labourers feel their own consequence, and will make their masters feel it likewise-it is amazing; but so depraved are the dispositions of these people, that in such cases a set of workmen have combined to distress the employer by idling a whole day together." ("essay, &c.," pp. 27, 28.) the fellows in fact were hankering after a rise in wages. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- part viii. the so-called primitive accumulation chapter xxvi. the secret of primitive accumulation we have seen how money is changed into capital; how through capital surplus-value is made, and from surplus-value more capital. but the accumulation of capital pre-supposes surplus-value; surplus-value pre-supposes capitalistic production; capitalistic production pre-supposes the pre-existence of considerable masses of capital and of labour-power in the hands of producers of commodities. the whole movement, therefore, seems to turn in a vicious circle, out of which we can only get by supposing a primitive accumulation ( previous accumulation of adam smith ) preceding capitalistic accumulation; a n accumulation not the result of the capitalist mode of production but its starting point. this primitive accumulation plays in political economy about the same part as original sin in theology. adam bit the apple, and thereupon sin fell on the human race. its origin is supposed to be explained when it is told as an anecdote of the past. in times long gone by there were two sorts of people; one, the diligent, intelligent, and above all, frugal elite; the other, lazy rascals, spending their substance, and more, in riotous living. the legend of theological original sin tells us certainly how man came to be condemned to eat his bread in the sweat of his b row; but the history of economic original sin reveals to us that there are people to whom this is by no means essential. never mind! thus it came to pass that the former sort accumulated wealth, and the latter sort had at last nothing to sell except their own skins. and from this original sin dates the poverty of the great majority that, despite all its labour, has up to now nothing to sell but itself, and the wealth of the few that increases constantly although they have long ceased to work. such insipid childishness is every day preached to us in the defence of property. m. thiers, e.g., had the assurance to repeat it with all the solemnity of a statesman, to the french people, once so spiritual. but as soon as the question of property crops up, it becomes a sacred duty to proclaim the intellectual food of the infant as the one thing fit for all ages and for all stages of development. in actual history it is notorious that conquest, enslavement, robbery, murder, briefly force play the great part. in the tender annals of political economy, the idyllic reigns from time immemorial. right and "labour" were from all time the sole means of enrichment, the present year of course always excepted. as a matter of fact, the methods of primitive accumulation are anything but idyllic. in themselves money and commodities are no more capital than are the means of production and of subsistence. they want transforming into capital. but this transformation itself can only take place under certain circumstances that centre in this, viz., that two very different kinds of commodity-possessors must come face to face and into contact; on the one hand, the owners of money, means of production , means of subsistence, who are eager to increase the sum of values they possess, by buying other people's labour-power; on the other hand, free labourers, the sellers of their own labour-power, and therefore the sellers of labour. free labourers, in the double - sense that neither they themselves form part and parcel of the means of production, as in the case of slaves, bondsmen, &c., nor d o the means of production belong to them , as in the case of peasant-proprietors; they are, therefore, free from, unencumbered by, any means of production of their own. with this polarization of the market for commodities, the fundamental conditions of capitalist production are given. the capitalist system presupposes the complete separation of the labourers from all property in the means by which they can realise their labour. as soon as capitalist production is once on its own legs, it not only maintains this separation, but reproduces it on a continually extending scale. the process, therefore, that clears the way for the capitalist system, can be none other than the process which takes away from the labourer the possession of his means of production; a process that transforms, on the one hand, the social means of subsistence and of production into capital, on the other, the immediate producers into wage-labourers . the so-called primitive accumulation, therefore, is nothing else than the historical process of divorcing the producer from the means of production. it appears as primitive, because it forms the pre-historic stage of capital and of the mode of production corresponding with it. the economic structure of capitalistic society has grown out of the economic structure of feudal society. the dissolution of the latter set free the elements of the former. the immediate producer, the labourer, could only dispose of his own person after he had ceased to be attached to the soil and ceased to be the slave, serf, or bondman of another. to become a free seller of labour-power, who carries his commodity wherever he finds a market, he must further have escaped from the regime of the guilds, their rules for apprentices and journeymen, and the impediments of their labour regulations. hence, the historical movement which changes the producers into wage-workers appears, on the one hand, as their emancipation from serfdom and from the fetters of the guilds, and this side alone exists for our bourgeois historians. but, on the other hand, these new freedmen became sellers of themselves only after they had been robbed of all their own means of production, and of all the guarantees of existence afforded by the old feudal arrangements. and the history of this, their expropriation, is written in the annals of mankind in letters of blood and fire. the industrial capitalists, these new potentates, had on their part not only to displace the guild masters of handicrafts, but also the feudal lords, the possessors of the sources of wealth. in this respect their conquest of social power appears as the fruit of a victorious struggle both against feudal lordship and its revolting prerogatives, and against the guilds and the fetters they laid on the free development of production and the free exploitation of man by man. the chevaliers d 'industrie, however, only succeeded in supplanting the chevaliers of the sword by making use of events of which they themselves were wholly innocent. they have risen by means as vile as those by which the roman freedman once o n a time made himself the master of his patronus. the starting-point of the development that gave rise to the wage-labourer as well as to the capitalist was the servitude of the labourer. the advance consisted in a change of form of this servitude, in the transformation of feudal exploitation into capitalist exploitation. to understand its march, we need not go back very far. although we come across the first beginnings of capitalist production as early as the 14th or 15th century, sporadically, in certain towns of the mediterranean, the capitalistic era dates from the" 16th century. wherever it appears, the abolition of serfdom has been long effected, and the highest development of the middle ages, the existence of sovereign towns, has been long on the wane. in the history of primitive accumulation, all revolutions are epoch-making that act as levers for the capitalist class in course of formation; but, above all, those moments when great masses o f men a re suddenly and forcibly torn from their means of subsistence, and hurled as free and "unattached" proletarians on the labour-market. the expropriation of the agricultural producer, of the peasant, from the soil, is the basis of the whole process. the history of this expropriation, in different countries, assumes different aspects, and runs through its various phases in different orders of succession, and at different periods. in england alone, which we take as our example, has it the classic form. chapter xxvii. expropriation of the agricultural population from the land in england, serfdom had practically disappeared in the last part of the 14th century. the immense majority of the population consisted then, and to a still larger extent, in the 15th century, of free peasant proprietors, whatever was the feudal title under which their right of property was hidden. * * * the prelude of the revolution that laid the foundation of the capitalist mode of production, was played in the last third of the 15th, and the first decade of the 16th century. a mass of free proletarians was hurled on the labour-market by the breaking-up of the bands of feudal retainers, who, as sir james steuart well says, "everywhere uselessly filled house and castle." although the royal power, itself a product of bourgeois development, in its strife after absolute sovereignty forcibly hastened on the dissolution of these bands of retainers, it was by no means the sole cause of it. in insolent conflict with king and parliament, the great feudal lords created an incomparably larger proletariat by the forcible driving of the peasantry from the land, to which the latter had the same feudal right as the lord himself, and by the usurpation of the common lands. the rapid rise 6f the flemish wool manufactures, and the corresponding rise in the price of wool in england, gave the direct impulse to these evictions. the old nobility had been devoured by the great feudal wars. the new nobility was the child of its time, for which money was the power of all powers. transformation of arable land into sheep-walks was, therefore, its cry. * * * with the development of capitalist production during the manufacturing period, the public opinion o f europe had lost the last remnant of shame and conscience. the nations bragged cynically of every infamy that served them as a means to capitalistic accumulation. read, e.g., the naive annals of commerce of the worthy a . anderson. here it is trumpeted forth as a triumph of english statecraft that at the peace of utrecht, england extorted from the spaniards by the asiento treaty the privilege of being allowed to ply the negro-trade, until then only carried on between africa and the english west in dies, between africa and spanish america as well. england thereby acquired the right of supplying spanish america until 1743 with 4,800 negroes yearly. this threw, at the same time, an official cloak over british smuggling. liverpool waxed fat on the slave-trade. this was its method of primitive accumulation. and, even to the present day, liverpool "respectability" is the pindar of the slave-trade which-compare the work of aikin already quoted-"has coincided with that spirit of bold adventure which has characterised the trade of liverpool and rapidly carried it to its present state of prosperity; has occasioned vast employment for shipping and sailors, and greatly augmented the demand for the manufactures of the country" (p. 339). liverpool employed in the slave-trade, in 1730, 15 ships; in 1751, 53; in 1760, 74; in 1770, 96; and in 1792, 132. whilst the cotton industry introduced child-slavery in england, it gave in the united states a stimulus to the transformation of the earlier, more or less patriarchal slavery, into a system of commercial exploitation. in fact, the veiled slavery of the wage-workers in europe needed, for its pedestal, slavery pure and simple in the new world. tantre molis erat, to establish the "eternal laws of nature" of the capitalist mode of production, to complete the process of separation between labourers and conditions of labour, to transform, at one pole, the social means of production and subsistence into capital, at the opposite pole, the mass of the population into wage labourers, into “free labouring poor” that artificial product of modern society. if money, according to augier, "comes into the world with a congenital blood-stain on one cheek," capital comes dripping from head to foot, from every pore, with blood and dirt. chapter xxxi. genesis of the industrial capitalist the genesis of the industrial capitalist did not proceed in such a gradual way as that of the farmer. doubtless many small guild-masters, and yet more independent small artisans, or even wage-labourers, transformed themselves into small capitalists, and (by gradually extending exploitation of wage-labour and corresponding accumulation) into full-blown capitalists. in the infancy of capitalist production, things often happened as in the infancy of mediaeval towns, where the question which of the escaped serfs should be master and which servant, was in great part decided by the earlier or later date of their flight. * * * * * * the discovery of gold and silver in america, the extirpation, enslavement and entombment in mines of the aboriginal population the beginning of the conquest and looting of the east indies, the turning of africa into a warren for the commercial hunting of black-skins, signaiised the rosy dawn of the era of capitalist production . these idyllic proceedings are the chief momenta of primitive accumulation. on their heels treads the commercial war of .the european nations, with the globe for a theatre. it begins with the revolt of the netherlands from spain, assumes giant dimensions in england's antijacobin war, and is still going on in the opium wars against china, &c. the different momenta of primitive accumulation distribute themselves now, more or less in chronological order, particularly over spain, portugal, holland, france, and england. in england at the end of the 17th century, they arrive at a systematical combination, embracing the colonies, the national debt, the modern mode of taxation, and the protectionist system. these methods depend in part on brute force, e.g., the colonial system. but they all employ the power of the state, the concentrated and organised force of society, to hasten, hoth ouse fashion, the process of transformation of the feudal mode of production into the capitalist mode, and to shorten the transition. force is the midwife of every old society pregnant with a new one. it is itself an economic power. * * * chapter xxxii. historical tendency of capitalist accumulation what does the primitive accumulation of capital, i.e., its historical genesis, resolve itself into? in so far as it is not immediate transformation of slaves and serfs into wage-labourers, and therefore a mere change of form, it only means the expropriation of the immediate producers, i.e., the dissolution of private property based on the labour of its owner. private property, as the antithesis to social, collective property, exists only where the means of labour and the external conditions of labour belong to private individuals. but according as these private individuals are labourers or not labourers, private property has a different character. the numberless shades that it at first sight presents correspond to the intermediate stages lying between these two extremes. the private property of the labourer in his means of production is the foundation of petty industry, whether agricultural, manufacturing, or both; petty industry, again, is an essential condition for the development of social production and of the free individuality of the labourer himself. of course, this petty mode of production exist also under slavery, serfdom, and other states of dependence, but it flourishes, it lets loose its whole energy, it attains its adequate classical form, only where the labourer is the private owner of his own means of labour set in action by himself: the peasant of the land which he cultivates, the artisan of the tool which he handles as a virtuoso. this mode of production pre-supposes parcelling of the soil, and scattering of the other means of production. as it excludes the concentration of these means of production, so also it excludes co-operation, division of labour within each separate process of production, the control over, and the productive application of the forces of nature by society, and the free development of the social productive powers. it is compatible only with a system of production, and a society, moving within narrow and more or less primitive bounds. to perpetuate it would be, as pecqueur rightly says, "to decree universal mediocrity." at a certain stage of development it brings forth the material agencies for its own dissolution. from that moment new forces and new passions spring up in the bosom of society; but the old social organisation fetters them and keeps them down. it must be annihilated; it is annihilated. its annihilation, the transformation of the individualised and scattered means of production into socially concentrated ones, of the pigmy property of the m any into the huge property of the few, the expropriation of the great mass of the people from the soil, from the means of subsistence, and from the means of labour, this fearful and painful expropriation of the mass of the people forms the prelude to the history of capital. it comprises a series of forcible methods, of which we have passed in review only those that have been epochmaking as methods of the primitive accumulation of capital. the expropriation of the immediate producers was accomplished with merciless vandalism, and under the stimulus of passions the most infamous, the most sordid, the pettiest, the most meanly odious. self-earned private property, that is based, so to say, on the fusing together of the isolated, independent labouring-individual with the conditions of his labour, is supplanted by capitalistic private property, which rests on exploitation of the nominally free labour of others, i.e., on wage-labour. as soon as this process of transformation has sufficiently decomposed the old society from top to bottom, as soon as the labourers are turned into proletarians, their means of labour into capital, as soon as the capitalist mode of production stands on its own feet, then the further socialisation of labour and further transformation of the land and other means of production into socially exploited and, therefore, common means of production, as well as the further expropriation of private proprietors, takes a new form. that which is now t o be expropriated is no longer the labourer working for himself, but the capitalist exploiting many labourers. this expropriation is accomplished by the action of the immanent laws of capitalistic production itself, by the centralisation of capital. one capitalist always kills many. hand in hand with this centralisation, or this expropriation of many capitalists by a few, develop, on an ever-extending scale, the co-operative form of the labour-process, the conscious technical application of science, the methodical cultivation of the soil, the transformation of the instruments of labour into instruments of labour only usable in common, the economizing of all means of production by their use as the means of production of combined, socialised labour, the entanglement of all peoples in the net of the world-market, and with this, the international character of the capitalistic regime . along with the constantly diminishing number of the magnates of capital, who usurp and monopolise all advantages of this process of transformation, grows the mass of misery, oppression, slavery, degradation, exploitation; but with this too grows the revolt of the working-class, a class always increasing in numbers, and disciplined, united, organised by the very mechanism of the process of capitalist production itself. the monopoly of capital becomes a fetter upon the mode of production, which has sprung up and flourished along with, and under it. centralisation of the means of production and socialisation of labour at last reach a point where they become incompatible with their capitalist integument. this integument is burst asunder. the knell of capitalist private property sounds. the expropriators are expropriated. the capitalist mode of appropriation, the result of the capitalist mode of production, produces capitalist private property. this is the first negation of individual private property, as founded on the labour of the proprietor. but capitalist production begets, with the inexorability of a law of nature, its own negation. it is the negation of negation. this does not re-establish private property for the producer, but gives him individual property based on the acquisitions of the capitalist era: i.e., on co-operation and the possession in common of the land and of the means of production. the transformation of scattered private property, arising from individual labour, into capitalist private property is, naturally, a process, incomparably more protracted, violent, and difficult, than the transformation of capitalistic private property, already practically resting on socialised production, into socialised property. in the former case, we had the expropriation of the mass of the people by a few usurpers; in the latter, we have the expropriation of a few surpers by the mass of the people.