* throughout the song, positive k trades lines with an unnamed girl ["man i can't fuckin believe this how can the same the shit happen to the same guy twice?" - b. willis, dh2] aiyyo sweetie, you're lookin kinda pretty what's a girl like you, doin in this rough city i'm just here, tryin to hold my own ground yeah, i think i like how that sound what you say we gets to know each other better? that sounds good but i don't think that i can let ya i don't know, tell me is it so do you get a kick, out of tellin brothers no? no it's not that see you don't understand how should i put it, i got a man what's your man got to do with me? i told ya i'm not tryin to hear that see i'm not one of those girls that go rippin around i'm not a dog baby, so don't play me like a clown i'll admit, i like how you kick it now you're talkin baby, dats da ticket now don't get excited and chuck your own in i already told ya, i got a man what's your man got to do with me? i got a man i'm not tryin to hear that see i got a man what's your man got to do with me? i got a man i'm not tryin to hear that now you can persist to play don juan all day but ain't nothin gonna change yeah baby, sure you're right i'mma break it down and do whatever i gots to do i tell you know, i got eyes for you you got eyes, but they not for me you better use them for what they for and that's to see you know what's the problem, ya not used to learnin i'm big daddy longstroke, and your man's pee wee herman i got a question to ask you troop are you a chef, cause you keep feedin me soup you know what they say about those who sweat thyself you might find yourself, by yourself i'm not waitin because i'm no waiter so when i blow up, don't try to kick it to me later all them girls must got you gassed a-when they see a good thing they don't let it pass well that's ok, cause see if that's their plan cause for me, i already got a man what's your man got to do with me? i got a man i'm not tryin to hear that see i got a man what's your man got to do with me? i got a man i'm not tryin to hear that what am i, some crab inmate that just came home from jail sweatin you for a date? i don't want no beef, i just wants to get together but how you talkin, pssssh, whatevah! we can't have nothin it all depends well if we can't be lovers than we can't be friends well then i guess it's nothing well hey i think you're bluffing well i'mma call my man well i can get raggamuffin ya better catch a flashback remember i'm not crabbin it you know my style, from i'm not havin it all i remember's an excuse me miss you can't get a girl like me with a line like this well look i'll treat you good my man treats me better i talk sweet on the phone my man writes love letters i'll tell you that i want you, and tell you that i care my man says the same except he's sincere well i'm clean cut and dapper, that's what i'm about my man buys me things and he takes me out well you can keep your man, cause i don't go that route don't you know yu haffa respeck me there's a lot of girls out there who won't say no you're out for mami with your dj money boom batter my pockets is gettin fatter i wanna turn you on and excite you let me know the spot on your body and i bite you so when your man don't treat you like he used to i kick in like a turbo booster you want lovin you don't have to ask when your man's a headache, i'll be your aspirin all confusion, you know i'll solve em i got a man you got a what? how long you had that problem? what's your man got to do with me? i got a man i'm not tryin to hear that see i got a man what's your man got to do with me? i got a man i'm not tryin to hear that i got a man aiyyo baby put the dial numbers or your address i got a man i told ya i treat you right i got a man aww c'mon now ain't no future in frontin i'm not havin it c'mon miss, oh we back on that again uhh, i'm not tryin to hear that see i got a man but your man ain't me uhh, uhh, i got a man you got a what? uhh, uhh, uhh, i got a man you got a what?