yeah, what up, this is dr. dre the party's goin' on thank god it's friday (buck buck buck buck booyakasha!) keep their heads ringin'! (ring ding dong ring-a-ding ding ding dong) (hey you! sittin over there) say what? (you better get up out of your chair) that's right (and work your body down) yeah (no time to funk around, cause we gon') funk you right on up so get up: get a move on and get your groove on it's the d-r-e the spectacular in a party i go for your neck, so call me "blacula" as i drain a nigga's jugular vein and maintain to leave blood stains, so don't complain just chill! listen to the beats i spill keeping it real enables me to make another mil' still, niggas run up and try to kill at will but get popped like a pimple: so call me clearasil i wipe niggas off the face of the earth since birth i've been a bad nigga. now let me tell you what i'm worth more than a stealth bomber, i cause drama the enforcer, music floats like a flying saucer or a 747 jet, never forget i'm that nigga that keeps the hoes panties wet the mic gets smoked once you hear the beat kick with grooves so funky, they come with a speed stick so check the flavor that i'm bringin' the motherfuckin' d-r-e will keep they motherfuckin' heads ringin' 1, 2 for the crew, 3, 4 for the dough 5 for the hoes (hoes!) 6, 7, 8 for death row mad niggas about to feel the full effect of intellect so i can collect respect - plus a check now i fin' to get into my mental will take care of this business i need to attend to cause my rent's due and this rap shit's my meal ticket so you god damn right: i'm gonna kick it or get evicted i bring terror like stephen king a black casanova, running niggas over like christine when i rock the spot with the flavor i got i get plenty of ass, so call me an ass-tronaut as i blast past another nigga's ass that thought he was strong but i smoke him like grass, just like cheech and chong when i flow, niggas know it's time to take a hike cause i grab the mic and flip my tongue like a dyke i got rhymes to keep you enchanted produce a smokescreen with the funky green to keep your eyes slanted so check the flavor that i'm bringin' the motherfuckin' d-r-e will keep they motherfuckin' heads ringin' debonair with flair, i scare wear and tear without a care, running shit as if i was a mayor but i ain't no politician, no competition sending all opposition to see a mortician i'm up front, never in the backdrop step on stage and get faded just like a flat-top your rhyme sounds like you bought em at stop 'n go dre came to wax you, so just call me mop 'n glow many tried to, but just can't rock with i'm 6-1, 225: pure chocolate your chances of jacking me are slim g cause i rock from summer until santa comes down the chimney ho ho ho, and so, as i continue to flow cause yo, i'm just a fly negro so, check the flavor that i'm bringin' the motherfuckin' d-r-e will keep they motherfuckin' heads ringin' i know you're bobbin your head. cause i can see you you can't see me! death row, let me know you in the house (beyotch!)