this mase, you know what i'm saying you got niggas that don't like me for whatever reason you got niggas that don't wanna see me rich you got niggas that's mad cause i'm always with they bitch then you got niggas that just don't like me you know the, those phd niggas but you know i pop a lot of shit but i back it up though see it's a difference a lot of niggas pop shit but a lot of niggas don't make hits but it's like this whole bad boy shit we come to bring it to y'all niggas, me, b.i., puff, lox, whoever, black rob if you wanna dance, we dance now trick what, lace who, that ain't what mase do got a lot of girls that'd love to replace you tell you to your face boo not behind your back niggas talk shit, we never mind that funny never find that, puff a dime stack write hot shit and make a nigga say, rewind that niggas know, we go against the harlem gigolo getcha ho, lick her low, make the bitch hit the door i represent honeys with money fly guys with gems drive with the tints that be thirty-five percent hoes hope i lay so i look both ways cop says okay my tint smoke gray no way, nigga leave without handing me my shit got plans to get my land and my six niggas outta pen'll understand this shit pop champagne like i won a championship been around the world and i i i and we been playa hated i don't know and i don't know why why they want us faded i don't know why they hate us is it our ladies or our drop mercedes baby, baby i was in one bedroom, dreaming of a million now i'm in beach houses, cream to the ceiling i was a gentleman living in tenements now i'm swimming in all the women that be tens went from bad boys to the crushed linen men now my divi-dends be the new benjamins hoes of all complexions i like cinnamon mase you got some hoes well nigga send em in what you waiting for, let the freak show begin how they came in a truck? (nah puff, that's a benz...) mercedes, c'mere baby, you don't like the way it's hot and hazy, never shady, you must be crazy it's ridiculous how you put your lips on this don't kiss right there girlfriend i'm ticklish and i be switching fees with a wrist full of g's nigga please, i'm the macaroni with the cheese now puff rule the world even though i'm young i make it my biz to see that all ladies cum get em all strung from the tip of my tongue lick em places niggas wouldn't dare put they faces before i die, hope i, remake a flow by in the brand new treasure on a old try now when my throat dry, even when the smoke lie eat the mami chocha and drive her loca we never ride far, packed five in a car save money for the drinks i'm about to buy the bar and everywhere i drive i'm a star little kids all on the corner scream, that's my car it was days couldn't be fly, now i'm in a t.i come in clubs with b.i., now a nigga v.i rock tons of gold, nuff money i fold roll the way you wanna roll, break a hundred at the toll : ok after these messages we'll be back with the mad rapper and his brother the mad producer, after this *applause* ok just sit back, relax, and enjoy yourself we'll get you through this take a sip of water, deep breath, that'll do it and welcome back as you can see (you got the check though?) i'm trevor jones and i'm sitting in i've been conversing with the mad rapper (did you get the check though?) and he's still pretty mad but, this time he brought someone else with him and quite frankly (yeah yeah) he's even madder (you god damn right!) mr. producer (yo, youknowhati'msayin) why are you so mad? yo, iiiiiii, i'mma i'mma keep it real simple for you yeah t-t-t-t-t-tell them niggas why you mad son! tell them niggas why you mad son! (ok, gentlemen please, one at a time) tell em why you mad son, word up, tell em why you mad son! youknowhati'msayin? iiiiiii, iiiiiii be i be i been i been, i been here for the culture, youknowhati'msayin? i don't, i don't, i don't, i don't i don't be recognizin all that new jack shit yo we don't play, we don't play that shit youknowhati'msayin? (please mr. producer, explain yourself, mr. rapper, please calm down) that nigga be on some bullshit, youknowhati'msayin? we ain't, we don't do that shit, word, yeah he ain't no real producer neither and then come to find out youknowhati'msayin my brother hipped me to it, the nigga tryin to rap now! oh yeah, that's the shit that got me mad! (please, mr. rapper, once again) that's the shit that got me mad! that's the shit, youknowhati'msayin? (it's a family oriented show) youknowhati'msayin? that's the shit that feds me up (gentlemen, please) word up, youknowhati'msayin? (disregard the foul language) i'm watchin this nigga video youknowhati'msayin? they got mermaids swimmin in they living rooms and shit like that youknowhati'msayin? this nigga dancin in the rain with kids climbin up mountains and shit youknowhati'msayin? i'm i'm i'm watchin this nigga video (i'm gonna have to ask you to refrain from the language) the car goin two hundred miles an hour where the fuck is he goin?! (please mr. rapper, please refrain from the foul language) the nigga climbin out the fuckin car! (one more time) let me see you try that shit on a train! youknowhati'msayin? try that shit on a fuckin train what kind of shit, youknowhati'msayin? got a thousand niggas write for him, let me write for you son my shit is jumpin, i got john blaze shit...