hey yo mase, you know what i don't like? (why you over there lookin' at me) i don't like when, you know, i'm in a club (why you over there lookin' at me) and i'm with my honey (why you over there lookin' at me) you got, you know, the haters they wanna be tough guys all of the sudden 1 - why you over there lookin' at me while my girl standin' here why you over there lookin' at me while my girl standin' here repeat 1 while: hit you with the ice grill, you know hehe, cause you boys ain't with you little do they know, your girl grill harder than some of yo niggas dig? now what the hell is you lookin' for? can't a young man get money anymore? let my pants sag down to the floor really do it matter as long as i score? can't my car look better than yours? can i have a bad bitch without no flaws come to see me without no drawers in a stretch lex with about ten doors? i was murda p. diddy named me pretty did it for the money, now can you get with me? people wanna know who is he, he get busy spray so much izzy, girls get dizzy niggas on the block know mase motto one thing about harlem world, we all got dough 98' tahoe, tommy and a roscoe case i'm every chased by a donny brascoe repeat 1 yo, i can't get mad cuz you look at me cuz on the real, look at me yo, it always be the haters that be sittin' in the rear dissin' every gear, but they better listen here you cats keepin' it real, you cats is on yo own cuz bein' broke and alone is something i can't condone plus it won't be long till they send me the dome sit gently, while i'm on the bentley phone why you don't like me? cuz i'm mad fly and icy? and why you can't satisfy yo wifey and if it wasn't for this bad boy exposure cd, tv's, really would i know ya now me and blink float in the gold rover so it's only right you get the cold shoulder and if you got a girl, don't be real committed cuz mase will hit it, you got to deal with it repeat 1 repeat 1 make it hot baby, make it hot (come on) make it hot baby, make it hot (come on) make it hot baby, make it hot (come on) make it hot baby, make it hot (come on) we don't stop we was all at the greek fest, it's hot and sandy i rent scooters, i'm with my family tank top, flip flop, really nothing fancy but get approached by a girl named tammy who looked good enough to be miss miami but say, since some her peeps call her candy than she starts to ask about aaliyah and brandy tellin' me how she met puff down at the grammy's he ain't tell you i was the one with no panties? boo, you know how many he meet with no panties? please, tell me something that i don't know like if we have sex, you don't want dough and if it's not a problem you can meet me at 10 i'll be in room 112 and bring four friends and if you gon' hit me, it gotta be a quickie and please no hickies, cuz wifey's with me repeat 1 until fade