jack jack.. yeah! put em up! put em up! yo yo.. jt money! throw em up! throw em up! jt money! aiy-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya aiy-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya who dat who dat who dat who dat who dat who dat who? who dat who dat who dat tryin to get up in my crew? yo who dat off-brand nigga tryin to hang wit the clique flossin like you came wit the clique but would you bang with the clique if it was thick or do you just ride dick? cause playa, i don't know you, nigga tell me who you wit! if you hang wit the squad, you bound to get scarred sucker boys run they mouth, real niggas run the yard round here we blow trees, don't fuck with ob's you dick-ride niggas might be the police; aaaah-iight? aiy-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya aiy-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya who dat who dat who dat who dat who dat who dat who? who dat who dat who dat tryin to get up in my crew? (tryin to.. in my.. it's you!) uhh, me and my girls rollin deep, represent the sole bunch of fly-ass bitches, when we ride it's on see them niggas all pause, droppin digital phones askin me, where you from, cause they wantin to clone, niggas.. them lines, they spit, they want, my shit but game, be whack, i turn, my back then hear that you're lickin, stickin it tell all your friends that you're dickin it swingin on them ?? hi-fi shit nigga, get sick with this, say who dey? who dat? no chance, blew dat when you said that you wrote this have red zone niggas on blow for this bitch don't you deny it nigga, don't even try it nigga you makin claims that you laid wit the fly nigga don't know, your name, it still, remains that you, would say, you fucked, so-le` everytime they turn a back, burn tracks niggas wanna say they've earned stacks dick be jack, picture that say my name i'm the one, who the fuck is dat? why? aiy-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya (aiy-ya-ya) aiy-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya (ya-ya-ya-ya-ya) who dat who dat who dat who dat who dat who dat who (who dat? who dat? who dat? huh?) who dat who dat who dat tryin to get up in my crew (who dat? tryin to get up in my crew!) aiy-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya (aiy-ya-ya) aiy-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya (ya-ya-ya-ya-ya) who dat who dat who dat who dat who dat who dat who (who dat? who dat? who dat? huh?) who dat who dat who dat tryin to get up in my crew i been said a legendary up in this motherfucker veteran in this game, and still bringin ruckus never had no time for tricks or no bustaz i only fuck wit dat real i got no love for suckers all these tiny-ass niggas be wanna wear my shoes ain't got the slightest of clues or either paid your dues then these hoes goin crazy, bout j baby! the way you show me your love, is by the way you pay me the game room been closed, so stay up out of mine just know i keep niggas up and krunk, like battle lines motherfuckers be all up in a nigga biz tryin to question my shit just like a pop quiz nigga what this is? aaaa-ight? aiy-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya (aiy-ya-ya) aiy-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya (ya-ya-ya-ya-ya) who dat who dat who dat who dat who dat who dat who (who dat? who dat? who dat? huh?) who dat who dat who dat tryin to get up in my crew (who dat? tryin to.. in my.. it's you!) aiy-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya (aiy-ya-ya) aiy-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya (ya-ya-ya-ya-ya) who dat who dat who dat who dat who dat who dat who (who dat? who dat? who dat? huh?) who dat who dat who dat tryin to get up in my crew (who dat? tryin to get up in my crew!) (we out to change nigga!) aiy-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya (we runnin game nigga! you wanna bang nigga?) aiy-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya (it ain't no thang nigga! we out to change nigga) who dat who dat who dat who dat who dat who dat who (we runnin game nigga! you wanna bang nigga?) who dat who dat who dat tryin to get up in my crew (it ain't no thang nigga! aaaa-ight!) aiy-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya (aiy-ya-ya) aiy-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya (ya-ya-ya-ya-ya) who dat who dat who dat who dat who dat who dat who (who dat? who dat? who dat? huh?) who dat who dat who dat tryin to get up in my crew (who dat? tryin to.. in my.. it's you!) who dat who dat who dat who dat who dat who dat who who dat who dat who dat who dat who dat who dat who who dat who dat who dat who dat who dat who dat who (who dat? who dat? who dat? huh?) who dat who dat who dat tryin to get up in my crew (who dat? tryin to get up in my crew!) yeah!