mmmmmmmm... uhh.. (doo doo doo doo) wicki-wild wild (doo doo doo doo dooooo) wicki-wicki-wild wicki-wild wicki-wicki wild wild west (yeahhhhhhhahhhhhhhh!) jim west, desperado rough rider, no you don't want nada none of this, six-gunnin this, brother runnin this buffalo soldier, look it's like i told ya any damsel that's in distress be outta that dress when she meet jim west rough neck so go check the law and abide watch your step or flex and get a hole in your side swallow your pride, don't let your lip react you don't wanna see my hand where my hip be at with artemus, from the start of this, runnin the game james west, tamin the west, so remember the name now who ya gonna call? not the gbs now who you gonna call? j dub and a.g if you ever riff with either one of us break out, before you get bumrushed, at the the wild wild west (when i roll into the) the wild wild west (when i stroll into the) the wild wild west (when i bounce into the) the wild wild west (sisqo, sisqo) the wild wild west (we're goin' straight, to) the wild wild west (the wild wild west) the wild wild west (we're goin' straight, to) the wild wild.. (c'mon) (shared lines in caps) now, now, now now once upon a time in the west mad man lost his damn mind in the west loveless, kidnap a dime, nuttin less now i must, put his behind to the test then through the shadows, in the saddle, ready for battle bring all your boys in, here come the poison behind my back, all that riffin ya did front and center, now where your lip at kid? who dat is? a mean brother, bad for your health lookin damn good though, if i could say it myself told me loveless is a mad man, but i don't fear that he got mad weapons too? ain't tryin to hear that tryin to bring down me, the champion? when y'all clowns gon' see that it can't be done understand me son, i'm the slickest they is i'm the quickest they is did i say i'm the slickest they is? so if you barkin up the, wrong tree we comin don't be startin nuttin, me and my partner gonna test your chest, loveless can't stand the heat, then get out the wild, wild, west the wild wild west we're goin straight, to when i'm rollin to the the wild wild west the wild wild west when i'm strollin to the the wild wild west we're goin straight, to when i'm bouncin to the the wild wild west the wild wild.. we're goin straight (straight) to (to) the wild wild west (the wild wild west) the wild wild west we're goin straight (straight) to (to) the wild wild west (the wild wild west) the wild wild west breakdown! breakdown! breakdown! breakdown! breakdown! breakdown! (in background while sisqo singing) yeahhhhhhhahhhhhhhhh can you feel it? c'mon, c'mon yeahhhhhhahhhhhhhhhh keep it moving! keep it moving! ooooooooooooooh yeahhhhhhh to any outlaw tryin to draw, thinkin you're bad any drawin on west, best with a pen and a pad don't even think about it, six gun, weighin a ton ten paces and turn (one.. two.. three..) just for fun, son *bang* up til sundown, rollin around see where the bad guys are to be found and make em lay down the defenders of the west crushin all pretenders in the west don't mess with us, cause we in the the wild wild west we're goin straight, to when i'm rollin to the the wild wild west the wild wild west when i'm strollin to the the wild wild west we're goin straight, to when i'm bouncin to the the wild wild west the wild wild.. the wild wild west we're goin straight, to when i'm rollin to the the wild wild west the wild wild west when i'm strollin to the the wild wild west we're goin straight, to when i'm bouncin to the the wild wild west the wild wild.. we're goin straight, to the wild wild west we're goin straight, to the wild wild west, c'mon the wild wild west when i'm rollin to the the wild wild west c'mon.. when i'm strollin to the we're goin straight, to the wild wild west (the wild wild west) + (will smith) + {sisqo} the wild wild west (whoo! uhh) the wild wild west (ha hah, ha hah) the wild wild west (uhh) the wild wild west (i done done it again y'all, done done it again) the wild wild west (ha hah, ha hah) the wild wild west (big will, dru hill, uh) the wild wild west (big will, dru hill) the wild wild west (ha hah, ha hah) {the wild wild west} the wild wild west (uhh) the wild wild west (one time) the wild wild west (uhh) the wild wild west (bring in the heat, bring in the heat) {it's the wild wild..} the wild wild west (what? ha hah, ha hah) the wild wild west (whoo.. wild wild, wicki-wild) the wild wild west (wick wild wild wild, wa-wicki wild wild) the wild wild west (wickidy-wick wild wild wild) (wa-wickedy wickedy wickedy wickedy) {the wild wild..} the wild wild west (whoo..) the wild wild west the wild wild west (uhh.. uhh..) the wild wild west (can't stop the bumrush) {the wild wild..} the wild wild west