you in the ghetto.. and you ain't got no hustlin skills? get down and give me ten private! (where y'all at? where y'all at? where y'all at? where y'all at?) i don't know what you've been told (i don't know what you've been told) but no limit soldiers came to rock'n'roll (but no limit soldiers came to rock'n'roll) where are all my whodis at? (where are all my whodis at?) from the north to the south to the east to the west (from the north to the south to the east to the west) thugged out (one two) what we bout? (knockin boots) shoutin it out (n.. o.. l.. i.. m-i-t!) unnnnnnnnnghhhhhhh! see i'm a thug nigga, and i was - born to die i hang with drug dealers, that's - ready to ride we got beef nigga, then we - ready for war i can't sleep nigga til i - have my enemies heart i'm uptown on the blocks with the bricks ba-bayyy fiends roll up and get fixed ba-bayyy fifties and doves or the bic ba-bayyy smoke weed with my nigga but don't trick ba-bayyy now if you step to one of my niggas, then you steppin to me i heard you famous cat, but you don't mean shit to me i'm out that c-p-3 and i'm a soulja for life and all my real niggas wild out from left to the right (what? what?) now how the war was won (huh) on, blocks in the hood (huh) we got enemies (what) then it's, glocks we pulled in god we trust nigga; i ain't got no friends (ya heard?) souljarettes, they love, money and ends you need some work? meet me in the bricks nigga you come short? i'ma wet your shirt nigga it's like vietnam on the ghetto in these streets you die how you live, the strong eat the weak red and blue rags for the souljas that be bangin and warriors on the wall for the souljas left hangin twenty-one gun salute, for the souls on the street and the souljas up in heaven, may you all rest in peace (ya heard me?) unnnnnngggggh! them down south souljas they be ready to ride and we can take it outside if you ready to ride them midwest souljas they be ready to ride and we can take it outside if you ready to ride them east coast souljas they ain't ready to ride and we can take it outside if you ready to ride them west coast souljas they be ready to ride and we can take it outside if you ready to ride don't start no shit it won't be no shit let me tell you punk bitches who you fuckin wit don't start no shit it won't be no shit this no limit army's who you fuckin wit! wild out.. wild out.. no limit is in and y'all out wild out.. wild out.. so y'all haters keep our name out y'all motherfuckin mouth, hahah you heard me? ride ride niggas (ride ride) lah lah (all the way to the motherfuckin top of the charts ya heard me?) dj's.. hut one, hut two.. hut one, hut two hut one, hut two.. dj cut the fuckin lights off cause i'm through!