this one's for north carolina! c'mon and raise up take your shirt off, twist it 'round yo' hand spin it like a helicopter north carolina! c'mon and raise up this one's for you, uh-huh, this one's for who? us, us, us; yes sir! who am i? petey pab' motherfucker! first to put it down for north carolina but guess what (what?), it's been worth it i'm a superstar, bought me a big ol' car four point six (see the car!) black with the bars from the front to back and got a button in the middle, make the trunk go "eh-eh" but it ain't 'bout that it's about getting what you getting and driving all back here big fellas (six fellas) half of me and carolina niggas done time together polk, bladen, marshall, hoke, greene county, tillery, damn transfer, sandy ridge, browns over here (greens over here) pasqoutank, down on the, odom east (lemme think) johnson county, franklin, burgaw, newport, warren, shelby, kenansville (man currituck) tarboro, triangle, goldsboro, halifax, statesville and all my niggas doing life behind the wall this right here, right here, right here's for uhh, uh-huh, uh-huh, beat it, beat it you remember them days y'all, we used to play y'all the radio and put our own lil' part in the song y'all we used to (rep our city, rep our city!) running through the school halls just before our basketball pep-rally jumped off (hah!) my house, my home, my hood (hah!) my brother, my sister, my cous' (hah!) my niggas that was there from the begining been wit me even 'fore they knew what bein with me was y'all niggas just glanced at it, now i gotcha staring at it but it's been the same ol' north carolina it's been being y'all niggas just getting it, oh it's a shame isn't it? oh you thought we said we were coming wit a whole lotta something we were bullshhh! (ahh!) man i had to do it just in case you were one of the ones who wanted to come and ask something stupid (what you think you doin?) what it look like? putting it down for my niggas in the south side north carolina, south carolina and all my little bitty overlooked hick towns we gonna hit y'all asses, ain't nothing but a t.t. blast what we got coming at you? (beats?) slamming, (verses?) classic (gold for this) what's after platinum? (baby you don't want the bomb) and i don't meant to scare ya but i'm about to bring it home blow these valleys, these hills, these streams and n.c. outta the water how's it feel to look a motherfucker dead in the grill and tell 'em - "i told ya!"