uh, say uh, uh, say (my name is) say, bow wow wow uh, uh, bow wow (yeah) uh, uh, snoop dogg (bow wow) yeah, uh, my name is hair nappy but i'm happy pocket full of dough from the c-o representin' so so the girls recognize and these niggas do too i'm the flyest thing walkin' through junior high school so make room next to your little, backstreet poster cause bow wow's here and it's over! ya heard! i'm this, i'm that, i'm all of the above in a big body shotgun ridin on dub's i've been seen with the baddest, heard with the best and i got it locked down from the east to the west look at my eyes, ya know; i ain't playin' that's why all through the streets all i hear niggas sayin' is bow wow wow yippie yo yippie yay where my dogs at? bark with me now bow wow wow yippie yo yippie yay and all my girls around the world that love how it's going down say bow wow wow yippie yo yippie yay where my dogs at? bark with me now bow wow wow yippie yo yippie yay and all my girls around the world that love how it's going down now that the gates wide open, it is i who they runnin' from little with the ill crossover like iverson in two-kay my way and i'm the first to rock first to drop, ice in the bezel of a g-shock like b.i.g. and pac, i'm hard to forget what makes it even worse, i'm just getting started yeah that's me; that's got your daughter in a frenzy yeah that's me; that's got her arguing with her friends about who? gone, gimme when they see me sayin', "do you?" see him, "ooh he the man!" thirteen, game locked, don't trip all that and a bag of chips; "hi! my name is.." bow wow wow yippie yo yippie yay woof motherfucker the dogg came to play calgon calgon, take me away i'm in the dirty dirty with my nephew j dizzy, izzy, boy we getting busy with lil' bow wizzy, this shit is off the heezy i threw him like a frisbee and, "yeah, he came back." like uh, boomerang, dogg pound gang hundred thousand dollar chains what'chu say j.d.? (j.d.: bling, bling, money ain't a thang!) ya ask me again and i'mma tell you the same i'm flippin' on these niggas while i'm trippin' on these niggas (trippin') buck one, buck two, buck three, buck fo' you standin' on the wall, nigga bust a ho(bus) but you can't trust a ho, it's good game and all my niggas represent yo gang put it up, now click clack it up and all the niggas, bag it up cause i wanna smack it up we do it to ya doggystyle (doggystyle) big bow wow in yo' mouth, bow wow! - repeat to fade