i've been so many places i've seen so many faces but nothing compares to these blue and yellow purple hills i've climbed the highest mountain once or twice but who's countin'? but nothing compares to these blue and yellow purple hills (yo, yo, yo) cool calm, just like my mom with a couple of lawsuits inside her palm it's mr. mischief with a trick up his sleeve (oooooh) to roll up on you like christopher reeves i can't describe the vibe i get when i drive by six people and (five i hit) (aww shit) i started a mosh pit squashed a chick and lost the foster kids this room makes me hallucinate then i sweat 'till i start losin' weight 'till i see dumb (shit) start happenin' dumber than vanilla ice trynna rap again! so bounce, bounce, c'mon bounce! i said come on bounce! everybody in the house doing mass amounts to the women in the thongs with their asses out we don't bull (shit) better ask around d-12 throws the bombest bash in town bizzare your mom is (passing out) help me get her on the couch 'fore she passes out! junk that someone help denaun he's upstairs wrestling with elton john! hey von, ya see me stepping on these leprechauns? they gotta be (acid cause the x) is gone yeah i took 'em all dawg with some parmesan and i think my arm is gone naw it's probably numb young, dumb and full of (cum) (bleeeehh) and i think he 'bout to swallow his tongue! scaredy ass it was a false alarm! ya think i 'bout to die when i just got on? yo, stop acting stupid you so (high) that you might wake up with a (guy) on some new (shit)(ewww) yeah i think i did too much, (uh huh) i think i got the runs! (uh huh) watch out, here it comes! dirty dozen, 80 of us shady brothers, ladies love us that's why our baby mothers love us but they hate each other they probly' wanna take each other out and date each other somethin', somethin', somethin', somethin', somethin', somethin', somethin' i don't know hop, hills, hills i hop hop two hills on stilts i walk (snort two lines) that were filled with chalk thought i was incredible i (killed) the hulk i wanna (roll) away like a roller blade until my (eyes roll) back in my skull for days and when i'm old and grey i'm 'a go for broke no? okey doke, (i'm packing my nose) with soap *coughing* am i supposed to choke? had an accident when the trojan broke aww, poor baby, born by (whore) lady now i'm paying child support? (it's your baby!) i take (four shots) at one time! and i don't need a chase when i'm swallowing mine (hey, ya got any room?) in bizarre's hatch back we can't go far cause the car has flats why the hell you people think i rap? cause my mother taught me how to breach contracts and if you got cash, then hide it too (swift chill!) i'm just trynna get by like you! well i don't give a damn if you find me rude mean crude to hell with you too i only need three (pills) and i'm cool i just got some, and i'm going back soon i'm at a rave looking at a babe like she want it gin and tonic demonic, body smell like vomit looney, crazy, jumpy, sexy, dopey headed guy whipped cream, dirty mattresses, wanna try? (blue pills, golden seals) got bizarre acting ill drugs kill (yeah right) chick i'm for real! shut your mouth you dirty girl you know you want me in your world ladies, please don't fight bizarre's here all night!