hotline can i request a song? yeah "my baby" by lil' romeo {*giggling*} you got that g: oh romeo give me a chance r: uh uhh too young i don't need a girlfriend g: walk me home from school anyway r: (heheh) o-kay g: oh romeo the cutest boy i know r: i know, i know g: so let me be your.. girlfriend they call me lil' p i represent the cp3 calliope ya heard me? straight from new orleans i got an uncle named silkk and an uncle named c i been dribblin the ball since the age of 3 i got game like kobe dunkin like poppa p cause i'm in the zone, ain't no stoppin me cause you can jump a baby hummer, girls be jockin me p. miller wear no limit gear from head to feet it's like that whodi? (you got me crazy) it's like that whodi? (i want to be your lady) it's like that whodi? (why won't you be my baby) it's like that whodi? (can't no girl fade me) meet me at the skatin rink eleven years old, makin a's and b's and these little mami's can't keep they hands off me when you see me in the street, holla "what's up doc?" i got a bugs bunny chain with a matchin watch i make ya'll jump like kris kross, bounce like bow i'm the next generation i came to lock it down i'm a little boy but i live a big man's life got girls passin notes tryin to be my wife got grown women, wantin to be in my life by the time i'm 18 i'm not gon' be nothin nice i'm that r-o, m-e-o after high school, i'm goin' straight to the pros (bounce, bounce) soldier boy i want you to myself, i don't want them girls around you're the flyest thing up in here boy and that's why it's goin down i heard they call you romeo, well i'm you're juliet you must be good at hide and seek, cause boy your hard to get romeo! (fire boys make them elbows swing) romeo! (fire boys make them elbows swing fire girls make them elbows swing) fire boys make them elbows swing, fire girls make them elbows swing fire boys make them elbows swing, fire girls make them elbows swing fire boys make them elbows swing, fire girls make them elbows swing romeo boy do that thing, romeo boy do that thing romeo boy do that thing, romeo boy do that thing this is for the fire girls that ??? this is for the fire boys that ??? (break it down) this is for the fire girls that bout it bout it this is for the fire boys that bout it bout it (haha) that's all folks!