hot in... so hot in herre! so hot in... hot - oh! with a little bit of, uh uh; and a little bit of, uh uh just a little bit of.. {*beat*}; just a little bit of.. {*beat*} just a little bit of.. {*beat*}; just a little bit of.. {*beat*} i was like, good gracious - ass is bodacious (uhh) flirtacious, tryin to show patience i'm waitin for the right time to shoot my steez (you know) waitin for the right time to flash them keys, then uhh i'm leavin, please believe in - ohhh! me and the rest of my heathens check it, got it locked at the top of the fo' seasons penthouse, roof top, birds i feedin no deceivin, nuttin up my sleeve and no teasin.. i need you to get up up on the dance floor give that man what he askin for cause i feel like bustin loose and i feel like touchin you, uh uh and can't nobody stop the juice so baby tell me what's the use? i said it's gettin hot in herre (so hot), so take off all your clothes i am - gettin so hot, i wanna take my clothes off it's gettin hot in herre (so hot), so take off all your clothes i am - gettin so hot, i wanna take my clothes off uh, uh, uh - let it hang alll out! why you at the bar if you ain't poppin the bottles? (c'mon) what good is all the fame if you ain't fuckin the models i see you drivin, sports cars, ain't hittin the throttle and i'll be down to do a hundred, top down and goggles got off the freeway, exit 106 and parked it ash tray, flip gate, time to spark it gucci collar for dollar, got out and walked it i spit game cause baby i can't talk it warm, sweatin, it's hot up in this joint vokal tanktop, on at this point you with a winner so baby you can't lose i got secrets can't leave cancun so take it off like your home alone you know dance in front your mirror while you're on the phone checkin your reflection and tellin your best friend like "girl i think my butt gettin big!" (let it hang all out) mix a little bit of ah, ah with a little bit of ah, ah (let it just fall out) give a little bit of ah, ah with a little bit of ah, ah (let it hang all out) with a little bit of ah, ah and a sprinkle of that ah, ah (let it just fall out) i like it when ya ah, ah girl, baby make it ah, ah stop pacin, time wastin i gotta a friend with a pole in the basement (what?) i'm just kidding like jason (oh) unless you gon' do it extra, extra - eh, spread the news (check it) nelly took a trip from the lou' to the neptunes came back with somethin thicker than fittin in sasoons say she got a thing about cuttin in restrooms - ohhhhh! (let it hang all out) mix a little bit of ah, ah with a little bit of ah, ah (let it just fall out) give a little bit of ah, ah with a little bit of ah, ah (let it hang all out) with a little bit of ah, ah and a sprinkle of that ah, ah (let it just fall out) i like it when ya ah, ah girl, baby make it ah, ah... ohhh!