ohh.. hey naughty.. oh where's my kitty kat, where's my kitty kat at welcome to our party, sexy likkle shorties "written on ya kitten" lickin lime from my bacardi rub it on my body, kiss and twist and barley ask the don dada to to dat song while i ooh-ah, ooh-ah - how i do that so long? on the dl real baby, swell a dub crazy dj rewind that naughty with that 3l-dub baby i move simple, just as sooth mix'll move gentle i give ya mother-mm-mm, goose pimples goose pimples ain't the last brother passed over i be the bastard of the year, y'know that calf punchin back brother n-a-u-g-h, t-y, b-y na-na-na, nature, not cause i hate ya master the matress, flip an' go backwards one kiss on your cheek will make you backflip to chadwick it feels good to ya (good to ya) let me see how you rock wit it (rock wit it) ride the beat baby, drop wit it (drop wit it) and don't worry bout a damn thang (and don't worry bout a damn thang) it feels good to ya (good to ya) let me see how you rock wit it (rock wit it) do your thing, come close wit it (close wit it) and don't worry bout a damn thing (and don't worry bout a damn thang) feels good.. (naughty.. naughty..) hey.. ever since back in the day from "o.p.p." down to "hip hop hooray" who invented party anthems that ease stress away? you got drama, never mind that naughty by nature, 3l-dub, all star tracks we got that flavor that make your hands clap, toes tap and crossin cultural and generation age gaps never can you fade that we make your body like rock to this everybody's block party's gonna wop to this so to the family here's another one and all those haters who ain't thinkin we still havin fun better throw your towel in son how many years have we proved we can do this? how many people we inspired to pursue this? well if you wanna test the mental the truth is naughty by nature makes that feel good music dang, dang, i don't wanna go the party ain't a party if it ain't... naughty body to body dance... naughty oh lordie, its iicon and naughty it's the groove move more of us hate, come on tour with us if everybody smiles it makes the whole day glorious sliiiide left, sliiiiide right throw your hands high - i know that's right! now i strong, we ride strong, double iicons gonna stop hurtin better let bygones be bygones sliiiide left, sliiiiide right dance ya spine out, wind let me find out ooh-ah ooh-ah, outdoor with indo' aiyyy-yo! drop the keys out the window we got the wally with my yardies we partyin cause, after the party its the after-party and.. feels good, feels good, baby clap your hands (hey, hey) feels good, feels good, baby clap your hands feels good, feels good, baby clap your hands (hey, hey) feels good, feels good, baby clap your hands (hey, don't worry bout a damn thang) w/ variations