don't know what you heard about me but a bitch can't get a dollar outta me no cadillac, no perms, you can't see that i'm a motherfuckin' p-i-m-p now shorty, she in the club, she dancing for dollars she got a thing for that gucci, that fendi, that prada that bcbg, burberry, dolce & gabbana she's feeding fools fantasies, they pay her cause they want her i spit a little g man and my game got her a hour later have that ass up in the ramada them trick niggas in her ear saying they think about her i got the bitch by the bar, trying to get a drink up out her she like my style, she like my smile, she like the way i talk she from the country; think she like me cause i'm from new york? i ain't that nigga trying to holla cause i want some head i'm that nigga trying to holla cause i want some bread i could care less how she perform when she in the bed bitch: hit the track, catch a date, and come pay the kid look baby, this is simple, you can't see? you fuckin' with me you fuckin' with a p-i-m-p g-g-g-unit! f-i-f-t-y c-e-n-t and s-n double o-p doggy style in your mouth for the 2003 and y'all know i'm from the dpg f-i-f-t-y c-e-n-t and s-n double o-p we internationally known and locally respected (and you know you're just a p.i.m.p!) now what you know about me? yeah bitch, i got my now and later gators on i'm bout to show you how my pimp hand is way strong your dead wrong if you think that pimpin' gonna die 12-piece with a hundred hoes by my side i'm down with that nigga 50 like i'm down with blue (we love you snoop dogg!) yeah, i love you too g-u-n-i-tizzy, fuckin' with me and the d-p-gizzy niggas in new york know how doggy get down i got my niggas in queens, i got my bitches uptown i got my business in manhattan, i ain't fuckin' around i got some butter pecan puerto ricans from the boogie down that's waiting on me to return so they can snatch these braids out and put my shit in a perm. word they love it when i get to crippin' and spitting this mag-ah-ni-ficent pimpin' you need to switch over and ride with a star it'll get you far i'm a p-i-m-p g-a-n-g-s-t-e-r yeah, i'm young, but i ain't dumb got some tricks, but i ain't one i'm a guerrilla for scrilla, i trip you, you try to run i let em do as they please, as long as they get my cheese even if they gotta freeze, or if it's a hundred degrees i keep em on their knees, take a look under my sleeve i ain't gotta give em much, they're happy with mickey d's, pimp we keep it pimpin' in the south, you know how it go (dirty!) we drive old-school, white walls with mink floors i spin the g-unit piece, and get em' dizzy handcuff her if you love her or you're girl coming with me when your neck and wrist glow, she already should know that money make the world go round, so lets get mo' it's time to show these playas how it should be done you got pimp potential, you might/could be one, g-unit! in hollywood, they say "there's no business like show business in the hood, they say, "there's no business like ho business" they say i talk a lil' fast, but if you listen a lil' faster i ain't got to slow down for you to catch up, bitch!