stand up! stand up! stand up! stand up! when i move, you move (just like that?) when i move, you move (just like that?) when i move, you move (just like that?) hell yeah, hey dj bring that back (when i move, you move) just like that? (when i move, you move) just like that? (when i move, you move) just like that? (hell yeah, hey dj bring that back) how you ain't gone fuck?, bitch i'm me i'm the goddamn reason you in v.i.p ceo, you don't have to see id i'm young, wild, and strapped like chi-ali blaow, we ain't got nothing to worry about whoop ass, let security carry them out watch out for the medallion, my diamonds are reckless it feels like a midget is hanging from my necklace i pulled up with a million trucks looking, smelling, feeling like a million bucks, ahh pass the bottles, the heat is on we in the huddle all smoking that cheech & chong what's wrong? the club and the moon is full and i'm looking for a thick, young lady to pull one sure shot way to get them out of them pants take note to the brand new dance like this go on with your big ass, let me see something tell your little friend he can quit mean mugging i'm lit and i don't care what no one thinks but where the fuck is the waitress at with my drinks? my people outside and they can't get in we gon' rush the back door & break them in the owner already pissed cause we sort of late but our time and our clothes, got to coordinate most girls looking right, some looking a mess that's why they spilling drinks all over your dress but louis vuitton bras all over your breasts got me wanting to put hickeys all over your chest ahh, come on we gon' party tonight y'all use mouth to mouth bring the party to life don't be scared, show another part of your life the more drinks in your system, the harder the fight stand up! stand up! stand up! stand up! damn right, the fire marshal wanna shut us down get us out, so someone can gun us down we was two songs away from getting so cut up now we one song away from tearing the club up move over; luda got something to say do it now cause tomorrow ain't promised today work with me, let's become one with the beat and don't worry about me stepping all over your feet stand up! stand up! stand up! stand up!