usher (lil jon, ludacris!!) yea man, once again its on (it's on) you know we had to do it again right (we had to do it again boy!! i want you to sing to these niggas man) uh oh oh oh i guess i'll go first let me at em check me out lets get em baby how you doing? hope that you're fine want to know what you got in mind and i got me feenin' like jodeci girl i can't leave you alone take a shot of this here patron and its gon' be on v-i-p done got way too crowded i'm about to end up callin it a night she should holla at your girl tell her that your shaking the scene pulled off beep beep shotgun in the gt with me she said oooooohhhhh!! i'm ready to ride (i was like) yea cause once you get inside you can't change you mind don't mean to sound impatient but you gotta promise baby ooh!! tell me again (tell me again my baby) that we'll be lovers and friends (ohh! i gotta know baby, oh yea) tell me again make sure you're right oh before we began that we'll be lovers and friends (ooh! oh its a good look baby) talking: (really good look baby, look here) sometime wanna be your lover sometime wanna be your friend sometime wanna hug hold hands slow dance while the record spins opened up your heart cause you said i made you feel so comfortable used to play back then now you all grown up like rudy huxtable i could be your +bud+ you could beat me up play fight in the dark then we both make up i do, anything just to feel yo butt why you, got me so messed up i don't know but you gotta stop tripping be a good girl now turn around and get these whippings you know you like it like that you don't have to fight back here's a pillow bite that and i'll be setting separate plays so on all these separate days your legs can go they separate ways tell me again (tell me again my baby) that we'll be lovers and friends (ohh! its a good look baby) tell me again (tell me over and over and over again) that we'll be lovers and friends make sure you're right before you choose i's been knowing you for a long time (shawty) but fucking never crossed my mind (shawty) but tonight i seen something in you (shawty) that made me wanna get with you (shawty) you ain't been nothing but a friend to me (shawty) and a nigga never ever dreamed we'd be (shawty) up in here kissing, hugging, squeezing, touching (shawty) up in the bathtub rub-a-dubbing (shawty) are you sure you wanna go this route (shawty) let a nigga know before i pull it out (shawty) i would never ever cross the line (shawty) shawty let me hear you tell me one more time one more time tell me again (tell me again my baby) that we'll be lovers and friends (ohh! its a good look baby) tell me again (make sure you're right oh before we leave) that we'll be lovers and friends (tell me over and over and over we can) ah, ah, oooooooo ah, ah, oooooooo ah, ah, oooooooo, yea 3x please tell your lovers and friends that ursher, jon and luda had to do it again (heyy!!)