i wear a mean dark pair of shades and you can't see my eyes unless my head is bent, you dig (jim jones) we fly high, no lie, you know this (ballin'!) foreign rides, outside, its like showbiz (we in the building) we stay fly, no lie, you know this (ballin'!) hips and thighs, oh my, stay focused ya boy gettin paper (money), i buy big cars (foreign) i need fly rides to drive in my garage (choose one) stay sky high, twisted, fly wit the stars (twinkle ,twinkle) g4 flights , 80 grand large (ballin'!) so we lean with it, pop with it (bankhead) 'vertible jones, mean with the top missing (flossin') i'm sitting clean with the bottom kitted (do it) i hopped out saggy jeans and my rock glistening (ballin'!) but i spent bout 8 grand mami on stage doing the rain dance (i think she like me) she let it hit the floor, made it pop (what else?) got my pedal to the floor screaming "fuck the cops" slow down, tonight may be gone tomorrow (one chance) so i speed through life like there's no tomorrow (speeding) 100 gs worth of ice on the audemars (flossy) and we in the street life until they call the law (ballin'!) i made the whip get naked (what happened?) while i switch gears, bitch looking at the bracelet step out, show me what you all about flashbacks of last night of me ballin' out (harlem!) one am, we was at the club (what happened?) 2 a.m.: 10 bottles of bub (money ain't a thing) and about 3-something i was thinking about grub so i stumbled to the car, threw the drinks and the drugs (twisted) nigga, could you buy that? i keep 20 in the pocket (light change) talk a buck 80 if the bentley is the topic (that grey poupon) but of course gotta fly, where to the hood to roll dice on the side of the curb but i know a g a bet may sound absurd (get your money up) drive 80 up lenox cause i got an urge (speeding) the rap game like the crack game lifestyles, rich and famous living in the fast lane (ballin'!) so when i bleep, shorty bleep back lou' vuitton belt where i'mma keep all the heat strapped i beat the trial over rucker (let's do it!) all guns loaded and i'm back, motherfucker (dipset) you niggas need to stay focused when you're dealing with a motherfuckin' g you know my name, jones, one eye, capo status all the above motherfucka this dipset byrdgang we born to fly y'all know the rules fall back or fall back someone tell my bitch summer i'm lookin for her ya dig, another day another dollar fast life fucker