(w/ fabolous) (timbo!) hey! (ne-yo!) say what? (loso!) hey! hey! i'm a movement by myself (oh!) but i'm a force when were together mami i'm good all by myself (oh!) but baby you, you make me better (you make me better) you make me better (you make me better) you make me better (you make me better) you make me better (you make me better) you make me better (ne-yo) you plus me, it equals better math your boy a good look but she my better half i'm already bossin, already flossin but why have the cake if it ain't got the sweet frostin (your-your-your-your) your keepin me on my a game (with-with-with-with) without havin the same name (they-they-they-they-they) they might flame but-but-but-but) but shorty we burn it up the sag and my swag, pep in my step daddy do the gucci mami in giuseppes guess it's a g thing whenever we swing i'm a need coretta scott if i'm 'gon be king (oooh) first thing's first, i does what i do but everything i am she's my improve i'm already bossin, i'm already fly but if i'm a star, she is the sky (and-and-and) and when i feel like i'm on top (she-she-she) she give me reason then i stop (and-and-and-and-and) and though i'm hot (to-to-to) together we burn it up (w/ ne-yo) the caked up cut, the cleaned up ice the shorty come around, i clean up nice dynamic duo, batman and robin whoever don't like it is that man's problem (and-and-and) and when i feel like i'm tired (ma-ma-ma) mami be takin me higher (i'm-i'm-i'm-i'm-i'm) i'm on fire (but-but-but) but shorty we burn it up cause on the side of every great man you could find a woman like a soldier holdin him down she treats me like a don, watches for the hit checks where i go, even watches who i'm with the right when i'm wrong, so i never slip show me how to move, that's why i never trip and baby girl you so major they should front page ya (front page ya) god bless the parents who made ya (who made ya) middle finger anybody who hate the (who hate the) way we burn it up + (ne-yo) (ahhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!) yeah baby, them lames you playin with, they 'gon push you down we tryin to compliment you you know, make you better top notch tim, nice look ne-yo, livin good loso they ask you how you doin now, tell 'em better than them ha ha ha ha ha ha!!!!!!!!!!!