ay, what's happenin homey? this yo' lil' boy plies, man (shaw-tay) ay pain, i want you tell 'em bout your shawty homie (yeah, yeah, yeah, yeaaaaaah) and i'mma tell em bout mine, dawg now, even though i'm not yo man, you not my girl i'mma call you my - shaaaaaaw-ty... cause i cain't stand to see you treated bad, i beat his ass for my - shaaaaaaaw-ty... and we ain't did nothin that we ain't sup'posed to do cause you my - shaaaaaaw-ty... (oh-oh) baby girl you know i be home, keep me on the ringtoooone shaaaaaaw-ty - sang it to me girl! soon as i seen her, shieet, told her i'd pay for it lil' mama the baddest thing 'round here, she already know it i pointed at the donk and told her, "this s'posed to be yours" (ha ha!) showed her a couple stacks and told her i'd let her blow it the hottest nigga in the city baby you can't ignore it i showed her i was a real nigga n' she went for it first time i caught her shit, she ain't even kno' how to tho'it back now she a animal, i got her sex game right i taught her how to talk to me while she take pipe and opened her up and showed her what a real nigga like i told her, "i'on't usually do this, i'on't fuck on the first night cause after i beat ya baby, i'm liable to fuck up ya whole life!" i gotta train her, now she suck me with ice i call her my lil' bust-it baby, cause she keep it tight whenever i tell her to bust, ain't gotta tell her twice whatever i wanna get off, she know how to get me right oh-oh (whooooooooa), oh-oh, oh-oh, oh-oh (whooooooooa) oh-oh, oh-oh (wh-oa-wh-oa, wh-oa), oh-oh, oh-oh, oh-oh oh-oh, oh-oh (whooooooooa) shawwwwww-deeee-eeee, yeah... oh-oh (whooooooooa), oh-oh, oh-oh, oh-oh (whooooooooa) oh-oh, oh-oh (wh-oa-wh-oa, wh-oa), oh-oh, oh-oh, oh-oh oh-oh, oh-oh (whooooooooa) (shaaaaaaw-ty, yeah) shaw-dee, whoa, w-w-wh-oa, oh! i love to show her off, cause all the dope boys want her know why dey wanna beat badly, look at all dat ass on her! look how dat pussy sit up in them shorts, you gotta want her love when she act like she bowlegged and bend the co'ner she proud to be fuckin me, cause i'm stuntin on 'em! it feel good to be fuckin a real nigga, do'nuh? ain't called her in two days, gotta let her mind wonder but when she miss me, she call to tell me to jump on her that's why i don't mind breakin 'er off, cause she ain't with the drama if you done ripped her before, you know how to cuff lil' mama you know she gotta be somethin, cause i done beat her hunda babe snatchin, not now, i'm tellin ya, i promise! i exposed her to real and now she hate lame 'member she used to run from me, now she like pain she call me sometimes just to ask is it her thang ever since i ran up in shawty, she ain't been the same