i get 'em up! (i'm on one) i get 'em up! (fuck it, i'm 'on one) i get 'em up! (i said i’m on one) dj khaled! uhh, i’m getting so throwed i ain't went this hard since i was 18 apologize if i say anything i don’t mean like "what's up with your best friend? we could all have some fun, believe me and what's up with these new niggas? and why they think it all comes so easy?" but get it while you here, boy cause all that hype don’t feel the same next year, boy yeah and i’ll be right here in my spot with a little more cash than i already got trippin' off you cause you had your shot with my skin tanned and my hair long and my fans who been so patient me and 40 back to work but we still smell like a vacation hate the rumors, hate your bullshit, hate these fucking allegations i’m just feeling like the throne is for the taking watch me take it! all i care about is money an' the city that i'm from i'mma sip until i feel it, i'mma smoke it 'til it's done and i don’t really give a fuck, and my excuse is that i’m young and i’m only getting older, somebody shoulda told ya i’m on one, yeah, fuck it i’m on one yeah, i said "i’m on one", fuck it i’m on one two white cups and i got that drink could be purple, it could be pink depending on how you mix that shit money to be got, and imma get that shit cause i’m on one, i said "fuck it, i’m on one" i’m burning purple flowers, it’s burning my chest i bury the most cash and burning the rest walking on the clouds, suspended in thin air do ones beneath me recognize the red bottoms i wear? burner in the belt, move the kids to the hills (boss) bend shawty on the sink, do it for the thrill kiss you on ya neck and tell ya "everything is great" even though i'm out on bond and might be facing' 8 still running with the same niggas 'til the death of me never seen a million cash, gotta count it carefully ever made love to the woman of your dreams in a room full of money out in london and she screams? baby, i could take ya there call marc jacobs personally to make a pair so yeah, we on one, the feeling ain’t fair (khaled) and it’s double m g until i get the chair i walk around the club, fuck everybody and all my niggas got that heat, i feel like pat riley yeah, too much money, ain't enough money you know the feds listening, nigga what money? i’m a made nigga, i should dust something you niggas on the bench, like the bus coming huh, ain't nothing sweet but the swishers i’m focused might as well say "cheese" for the pictures ohh, i’m about to go andre the giant you a sell out, but i ain't buying chopper dissect a nigga like science put an end to your world like the mayans this a celebration bitches mazeltov it’s a slim chance i fall, olive oyl tunechi be the name, don’t ask me how i got it i’m killin’ these hoes i swear i’m tryna stop the violence (young mula baby, ymcmb) i get 'em up i get 'em up i get 'em up