"hey macklemore, can we go thrift shopping?" what what, what, what bada, bada, bada dada i'm gonna pop some tags, only got twenty dollars in my pocket i'm, i'm, i'm hunting, looking for a come up, this is fucking awesome now walk into the club like "what up?! i got a big cock!" nah, i’m just pumped, i bought some shit from a thrift shop. ice on the fringe is so damn frosty the people like “damn, that’s a cold ass honkey” rolling in hella deep, headed to the mezzanine dressed in all pink except my gator shoes, those are green draped in a leopard mink, girl standing next to me probably should've washed this, smells like r. kelly sheets (pissssss...) but shit, it was 99 cents! fuck it, coppin' it, washin' it, ‘bout to go and get some compliments passing up on those moccasins someone else has been walking in bummy and grungy, fuck it man, i am stunting and flossing and saving my money and i’m hella happy, that’s a bargain, bitch i’ma take your grandpa's style, i’ma take your grandpa's style no for real, ask your grandpa, "can i have his hand-me-downs?" (thank you!) velour jumpsuit and some house slippers dookie brown leather jacket that i found digging they had a broken keyboard, i bought a broken keyboard i bought a skeet blanket, then i bought a knee board hello, hello, my ace man, my mellow john wayne ain’t got nothing on my fringe game, hell no i could take some pro wings, make them cool, sell those the sneaker heads would be like “ah, he got the velcros” what you know about rocking a wolf on your noggin? what you knowing about wearing a fur fox skin? i’m digging, i’m digging, i’m searching right through that luggage one man’s trash, that’s another man’s come up thank your granddad for donating that plaid button- up shirt, cause right now, i’m up in here stuntin' i’m at the goodwill, you can find me in the bins i’m not, i’m not stuck on searchin' in that section (mens) your grammy, your aunty, your momma, your mammy i’ll take those flannel zebra jammies, second hand and i’ll rock that motherfucker the built-in onesie with the socks on the motherfucker i hit the party and they stop in that motherfucker they be like “oh that gucci, that’s hella tight” i’m like “yo, that’s fifty dollars for a t-shirt” limited edition, let’s do some simple addition fifty dollars for a t-shirt, that’s just some ignorant bitch shit i call that getting swindled and pimped, shit i call that getting tricked by business that shirt’s hella dough and having the same one as six other people in this club is a hella don’t peep game, come take a look through my telescope trying to get girls from a brand? man you hella won’t, man you hella won't goodwill poppin' tags yeah! i wear your granddad's clothes, i look incredible i’m in this big ass coat from that thrift shop down the road "is that your grandma's coat?"