first things first, i'm the realest (realest) drop this and let the whole world feel it (let 'em feel it) and i'm still in the murda bizness i can hold you down, like i'm giving lessons in physics (right, right?) you should want a bad bitch like this (huh?) drop it low and pick it up just like this (yeah) cup of ace, cup of goose, cup of cris high heels, something worth a half a ticket on my wrist (on my wrist) taking all the liquor straight, never chase that (never) rooftop like we bringing '88 back (what?) bring the hooks in, where the bass at? champagne spilling, you should taste that i'm so fancy, you already know i'm in the fast lane, from l.a. to tokyo i'm so fancy, can't you taste this gold? remember my name, 'bout to blow-oh-oh-oh i said baby, i do this, i thought that, you knew this can't stand no haters, and honest, the truth is and my flow retarded, each beat dear, departed swagger on stupid, i can't shop at no department better get my money on time, if they not money, decline and swear i meant that there so much that they give that line a rewind so get my money on time, if they not money, decline i just can't worry 'bout no haters, gotta stay on my grind now tell me, who that, who that? that do that, do that? put that paper over all, i thought you knew that, knew that i be that i-g-g-y, put my name in bold i been working, i'm up in here with some change to throw trash the hotel, let's get drunk on the minibar make the phone call, feels so good getting what i want yeah, keep on turning it up chandelier swinging, we don't give a fuck film star, yeah i’m deluxe classic, expensive, you don't get to touch, aow! still stunting, how you love that? got the whole world asking how i does that hot girl, hands off, don't touch that look at it, i bet you wishing you could clutch that that's just the way you like it, huh? you so good, he's just wishing he could bite it, huh? never turn down nothing slayin' these hoes, gold trigger on the gun like (x2) who that, who that? i-g-g-y that do that, do that, i-g-g-y who that, who that? i-g-g-y (blow-oh-oh-oh)